January 24, 1944
Fort Huachuca, Arizona

Dear Aunt Jane,

Your letter came as a very pleasant surprise to me, it was just about Taps, and I am looking forward to receiving more from you.

Our(sp?) Hutchinson has been like an older brother to me, so far as advice and desires are concerned. He is a real 100% "pal" and my hat is off to him always.

There are so many little things that a person does not realize he has missed until he can no longer possess them. I never knew a cup of hot tea could mean anything to me, until this noon at lunch when the first sip brought memories that in turn caused tears to fill my eyes. You see "Aunt Jane," I used to have tea with my mother and dad every Sunday evening after church. 

I have not had many experiences that are relatable to you; or that would be of interest. I can say that I am find out what it really means to be a soldier. Each and every Friday our company walks 15 miles in 4 hours. I never knew that a thing so simple could be so hard. But who am I to complain.

You speak of life being without color, well my life is crowded with color. Physically and spiritually. Every morning I get a new lease on life from the beautiful sunrise. The clouds are very fluffy, like giant tufts of fleecy white cotton, and are tinted pink and golden by the unconquerable sun. Many of us have learned to glean happiness and peace of mind from nature's wonders. 

It has been raining all day, and this poem is the result:

      Emotion in Upset
      Why must this driving rain persist
      And seep into what shelter I might find?
      And add much pain to one, who had no peace of mind
      Since first the clouds let down their endless mist.
      
      I pray for morning ever clearing light
      That with its rays I too find my sight
      And gaze a far across the sodden plain
      Upon whose bosom fell relentless rain
      
      But from this rain the green things soon will grow
      And I will see the goal toward which I strive
      And from the pelting rain I come to know
      That there must die some, before we get to live
      -Del Berry

I find release from worries and routine headaches by writing poems. I am also starting a book entitled, "Here and Beyond," I pray God for wisdom and foresight in this effort. The poem you are about to read was written New Years Day. I hope you enjoy it, because I am fond of it myself.

New Years 1944....Huachuca
Snowless plain, this sad years end,
Absent man, and womans tear filled eye
Cannot dim what destiny would send,
Cannot avert our Nations victory cry.

Tears upon the sand, with blood
Foreign soil unheard of till this hour.

Prone, where once a fighting spirit stood,
Trickling crimson, by the sun turned sour.
In the air a roaring hell of sound.
Man made, forcing men into the earth
Blasting hope and progress from the ground
Tearing heart and soul from home and hearth.

That faith should come from out the passing days
And men put all their trust in this New Year
Is in the heart of everyone who prays
For peace, and for the end of fear....

Snowless plain and New Years hope
Sure to be the truth of days to come
Peace that goes beyond mans finite scope
And reach down into each anxious home.
-Del Berry

I have been singing with our company chair over the air once each (word illegible) month, on station KVOA from Tucson. It has been thrilling and recently we found new enjoyment in an arrangement of Fred Waring's entitled, "The Night is Young ("and You're So Beautiful").

I know that soon these days of ease that I am going through now must come to an end. I volunteered for combat duty with the paratroopers, but my C.O. would not let me go. I want to do my part in this war, no matter what it may be. I am prepared to make any sacrifice that is necessary for the winning of the war.

I feel that "with America's great tradition of democracy, the United States should clean its own house first and get ready for a better 21[st] century. Then it could stand unashamed before the Nazis and condemn, without confusion, their doctrines of a Master Race. Then it could put its hand to the building of the United Nations, sure of the support from all the yellow- and black races, where the war is being fought, sure that victory in this war will be in the name, not of our race or of another, but of the universal Human Race."

May God bless those near and dear to you. And may his tender mercy envelope each day with success. Write soon, pray for peace, and be of goog faith that all will turn out well.

With love,

Adelbert Berry
