PORTLAND ARMY AIR BASE

Monday
Nov. 15, 1943

Dear Miss Thompson,

I hope you can forgive me for not writing sooner than this. The truth of the matter is that I've been as busy as a bee.

Here at the base we're shorthanded and we're all doing the work of two men.

A lot has happened since I saw you last April.

When I got back to camp I immediately went into the hospital and was operated on for a pilonidal cyst. I was in the hospital for approximately 48 days. I was given a 30 days sick leave to convalesce(sp?). I was home from June 20 to July 13. I arrived in camp July 17 and was it hot.

I went out for the baseball team and practiced for about two weeks. August 1 was my final game. It was also my 25[th] birthday. I went into the game as the catcher. I caught two pitches and on the 3[rd] pitch the ball was foul tipped and it hit my right hand breaking my right index finger knuckle and splitting open the skin on my finger tip. I spent all of August in the hospital. Enclosed is a picture of myself and hand. My hand is all well now and I'm doing nicely. I recently got back from a rifle range camp and have completed all my training.

I got an overseas physical and all I'm doing is waiting.

That's enough about me. I just received a copy of the Reflector and I see you made the front page. If anyone deserves a medal, its you.

I see you have the addresses of the servicemen from college. I wish you would send me Howard Jay's(sp?) address. I'd like to write to him.

I never appreciated the Reflector as I do now. When I was a student I merely read certain parts of the paper but now I read every word of every article. I'm looking forward to the next copy. 

I see a lot of strange names in the paper. How are the new classes behaving? I doubt if there are many men in the college. There is an article on page two that made me feel homesick for the college, and that's "Dear Bill."

I'd like to get in touch with the Nu(sp?) Sigma Phi(sp?). I belonged to it when I was a student. I want to find out if I still do.

I hope to get a furlough in the spring if I'm still here. I'll surely stop over at the school to see you and many of the students. Of course I'll see all of my instructors.

Well I must stop writing now. Work is calling me.

Sincerely,

Alfred Cordasco

P.S. I was made a corporal Oct 7, 1943

