UNITED STATES ARMY
Portland Air Base
Jan, 26 1944

Dear Miss Thompson:

My father tells me that he's been to see you recently and he also tells me that I should write to you more often. For one thing we're very short-handed here and we have more work than we had ever expected to have. It seems to me that I'm always on duty and when I have time off I'm just too tired to write. I promise from now on I'll write to you more often and let you know how I'm getting along.

I've been here a year now but it seems much longer than that to me. This time last year it was snowing and now its just a little cold and foggy. You would be surprised how foggy it gets here, especially mornings. 

I'm writing this letter at work and when I go back to the barracks tonight I'm going to look for some snapshots I had taken not long ago. I think you'll like them.

I see that Bob Pierson, a classmate of mine is at Corvallis and as soon as I get an opportunity I'm going to try and see him. Corvallis is about ninety miles from Portland. If I hadn't gone to a technical school I might have had a chance to go there. It seems there's a regulation, if you've go to a technical school you can't apply for A.S.T.P. Its very difficult to change your classification in the army unless it benefits the army. I'm classified as a skilled aircraft mechanic.

I'm trying to get a furlough soon. At least before my class is graduated. I miss the gang very much. It seems ages since I've seen them. They were one swell bunch.

While I was at school I was a member of the Michigan Phi fraternity and I was wondering if you would find out for me if I'm still a member. I would like very much to hear from the fraternity.

I've just gotten back from the barracks and I found a snapshot I had taken about a month ago. The bomb is a dummy of course. I hope you like it. I'll send more snaps later on.

Did I even tell you just what kind of work I do? I mean a description of an average day here on the field. 

Every other day I work 24 hours and on the day between I work 5 hours. The hours I don't work I take calisthenics, go to orientation classes, lectures, my laundry and the hundreds of small chores that always seem to crop up. I do get a pass to town occasionally but not very often.

Our job is to take care of and maintain all the transient aircraft as well as eight of our own planes. I think I've seen every type of plane the Army and Navy has. The majority of planes just need gas and oil, the others need such things as small airfare jobs such as spark plug changes, brake adjustments, etc. A common ailment is an overdue inspection. All Army and Navy planes have a periodic inspection. Its up to us to see that the inspections are complied with. The work really piles up sometimes. We only have 20 mechanics here on the line. Its quite a job to take care of our own planes and transients too. In fact I'm crew chief of one of them.

Well time is getting short and I'll have to stop now. I hope I hear from you soon. Say hello to Miss Lee for me and thank her for the lovely X-mas card.

Sincerely,

Al

Ps. I miss N.S.T.C. I can't wait (unclear) back.
