Seal of the U.S. Coast Guard
                                                        Alex Kaufman, M.M. 1/C
                                             U.S. Coast Guard Training Station
                                                          Curtis Bay, Maryland
                                                                              
                                                                 Saturday P.M.
Dear Miss Thompson:
	First, allow me to express my surprise and pleasure at receiving your totally unexpected card.  Now I'll get into the meat of this so-called epistle.  
	At present I am in the Marine Hospital under observation, or at least so I'm told.  Any way, it seems to me, that, I'm doing lots more observing than anybody else around here.  The food is good and we're being fed with extra large eye-droppers to make us appreciate the excellence of the food  -  I assume.  How ever the medical care here is really tops.
	The school, in which I instruct, is coming along better than ever, and my work there has diminished to the point, where I feel as if I'm not worth the money paid me.  We have finally gotten enough instructors and a, to me, very large appropriation to run the school, so everything is going along swimmingly  -  or even better.  My courses now consist of Math, Electricity, Refrigeration, pumps, + safety precautions.  And, since, the entire training period lasts 3 months for any one group, my work comes in spurts  -  the average week consisting of 12 to 15 hours of instruction.  
	The school is still in development, which is, perhaps, a good thing  -  it prevents time from dragging, and provides something new every day.
	Since I've about talked myself dry about me  -  in the things I can write about, lets switch, Tell Marietta thanks for sending me the paper, and if I get a chance I'd like to see you + her.  Which reminds me.  When does summer session end + for how long are you in school each day?
	That's about all
		Al
Transcribers note  -  the sentence below was written over the top of the body of the letter.
By the way, my official reason for being here is anesthesia of a peripheral sciatic nerve.
Transcribed by Anthony McFarlane on 10/8/13

