Seal of the U.S. Coast Guard
                                                        Alex Kaufman, M.M. 1/C
                                             U.S. Coast Guard Training Station
                                                          Curtis Bay, Maryland
                                                                              
                                                                   Friday P.M.
Dear Miss Thompson:
	All is well + getting better except my writing, which remains as usual-foul!
	Not only did I receive your letter and that much too large package of delicacies  -  which, while I liked the Sherry jam from, was largely greatly appreciated by the rest of the petty officers here  -  but I also got a letter + note from Marietta to whom I am also now writing.  She seems to be much too nice a girl for me to write to.  But since she asked for it  -  she'll get it!
	Things here, happily for me, are in a constant state of turmoil + upsettedness.  <- Like that new word?  I just thought it fitted best.
	I don't know how much leeway Dr Schaffer's offer allows, but you can always send me a sampling of pictures of the prettier + more agreeable girls in school, so when I come home, - oh well, I didn't think it went that far anyway.  
	All of which reminds me.-  I come home frequently on weekends but I've assumed that when I get in  -  about 7:30P.M. Saturday, the school is deserted, so I haven't even tried to go there, but if, the next time you write me, assuming you do, you tell me that anyone I know will be there, I'd be glad to come over and show off my fancy uniform  -  among other things.  
	Say hello to Miss Lipson for me, if you will, and tell her that the picture she asked me to send her will be soon forth  -  coming, provided that, as per agreement, she displays it prominently on her desk.  Thats all  -  Al
P.S.  This is already more writing (socalled) than I've done in a long while.  Al
Transcribers note  -  The P.S. portion of the letter was written along the left margin from bottom to top.  Also the date of the letter is likely to be when school was out of session as indicated in the letter.
Transcribed by Anthony McFarlane on 10/8/13

