V-MAIL

Miss Nancy Thompson
State Teachers College
4[th] Ave and Broadway
Newark, New Jersey

Cpl. Alfred Shargel 32059245
Battery B, 244[th] CA USArmy
APO 860 c/o Postmaster, N.Y., N.Y.
April 19[th], 1943

Dear Miss Thompson,

I must admit that I've been quite lax in taking care of my correspond-ence lately and it has taken me exactly three weeks to answer your last letter which was dated February 5[th]. I hope I am excused when I tell you that I've been frightfully busy and felt fortunate when it was possible to write just a short note to my Family. Which reminds that since the day of my induction, more than twenty-six months ago, I always manage to write at least twice a week to the Family. So next time Helene walks into the library and tries to complain about the lack of mail from me, just shoe her away and tell her that it is on its way and will arrive sooner or later.

To date I've receivedonly one copy of the Service Mens' News and that was the first one. I am looking forward to the others and hope that they will arrive shortly. Reading the names of many of my former classmates, both upperclassmen and the lower sect during my day, brings back many fond memories. I've written to Pannullo, this was some time ago, but have not received any answer as yet. For all I know he did not even get my letter. If there are any other former members of NSTC at APO 860, I would certainly appreciate their names and organizations.

I hear tell that the kids graduating this year expect to take the State exams before they get their B.S.'s. Some break for them I'll say and it makes me fume and fret to think that things were so different three years ago. Well more power to them and I hope that you get a new placement record. Tell Mr. Singer I'm rooting for him on that count.
I've just taken a ten minute break to strengthen out one of the men's records. (If NSTC even needs a good personnel man, I wish to recommend ME)

I certainly wish I could contribute something to the paper you publish for us Servicemen but for the life of me I can't seem to be able to write something suit-able. It would be nice to hear from some of my former classmates and if you wish, you may publish my address in your next edition.

I'm sorry that I've been so slow in answering your last letter, this for the second time, and assure you that I'll do better in the future. Here's hoping that all of you have a nice Easter Season and that I'll be hearing from NSTC very soon. 

With best wishes to the faculty and student body of NSTC, I remain

                                                                    Sincerely,
                                                                              
                                                                    Al Shargel
