                       Cpl. Alfred Shargel  -  32059245
                            Battery B, 244[th] C A
                                   U S Army
                      APO 860 c/o Postmaster, N.Y., N.Y.
                                       
                                                              December 4, 1942
                                                                              
Dear Friends of N. S. T. C.,

	I wish to take this opportunity to express my appreciation and gratitude for the grand pictures and all the good wish-es. Little things like what you are doing makes the burden for those of us who are "over-there", much easier to bear and instills in us, all the more, the spirit and the will to end this unpleasant business in rapid fashion.

	Looking at the swell snaps of the college, and of the activities that are an integral part of your life, brought back many happy memories of four of the grandest years of my life. Four years in which I learned from the theoretical, practical, as well as social, as much as any man could wish to learn during his college experience. I value very much the friendships I made during those years and still carry on a correspondence with some of my former, fellow students. The courses taken at N.S.T.C. helped tremendously to prepare me for my present life, although at the time I took them I assured I was preparing for civilian pursuits. I have had many an opportunity to apply some of the knowledge gained while at N.S.T.C. and can truthfully say that N.S.T.C. was a great contributing factor in my easy orientation to military life some 21 months ago.

From letter received from my Sister, and from Miss Thompson, I see that you have gone all out in your War Efforts Program. I understand that the Red Cross Courses and that a certain amount of preliminary, basic military training are all a part of your program. No doubt the old building is like a bee-hive with all this activity and life must be very interesting.

It would be nice if I could make my letter really interesting by telling you all about my location and describing the country, giving a bit of local color, and injecting a few of the many amusing incidents that occur daily. But this is not at all possible under the present circumstances and will have to wait until such time as we are able to dispense with censor and the pertinent regulations.

I hope that each and every one of you know that Miss Thompson is doing a wonderful job of keeping those of us who are at present wearing khaki, informed of all the latest developments at N.S.T.C.  She is our ever faithful correspondent and has a job of no small proportions on her hands. It is not a cinch to keep track of a lot of people and to write to them also. Miss Thompson, I don't think it inappropriate for me to express the gratitude of all my former school-mates who are my present "buddies" for your untiring efforts.

During normal times one would close his letters with some standardized, hackneyed greeting. Since these are extraordinary times, I shall be a bit different and quote a phrase that is a decided favorite among all the men.

                                    Merry Christmas and a Victorious New Year!
                                                                              
                                                           Cpl. Alfred Shargel





