                                  BATTERY B
                                  FORT MACON
                                NORTH CAROLINA
                                       
                                                                 July 12, 1942
                                                                              
Miss N. Thompson
State Teachers College,
Newark, New Jersey

Dear Miss Thompson,

	Your recent card has brought home the fact that I have, in the past, been sorely neglecting all the good friends I had made at N.S.T.C. I shall try to make amends in the future and shall try to do my best to keep you informed as to my location, welfare and activities.

	Since the outbreak of the war I have been stationed at Fort Macon, an old pre-Civil War Fortress. This is the first time that this Fort has been occupied in many years and prior to occupation served as a museum and tourist mecca. The fort was kept historically correct until our occupation and since then has been altered for living conditions. We are doing our best to preserve, as much as possible, the original features of the fort and plans have already been made to return the Fort to the State of North Carolina once hostilities are terminated.

	Our mission is to guard against any hostile attempts to make landings on the beach and to prevent any hostile shipping to get through our defenses. We are on a seven day week and a twenty four hour day, and are on the constant alert. Being a Coast Artlillery Detachment we have an all important mission to fulfill and are considered, by General Headquarters, as being as much a part of the front line of troops as those men participating in actual combat.

	I guess that you know that I was among the first of the N.S.T.C. men to answer the call, being inducted into Service on February 10, 1941. I was inducted at Fort Dix, N.J. and four days later was assigned to the 244[th] Coast Artillery at Camp Pendleton, Virginia. Until September 1941, I was an instrument observer, my job being to man an observing instrument and keep track of all vessals in view. In September I was asked to help with the administrative end of the army and have been doing that up to the present. My duties consist of typing, filing, handling passes furloughs and leaves, payroll work, and personnal. In addition I also have to be a soldier. I have recently applied for Officer's Training School, Adjutant General's Department. This branch of the Service handles every bit of administrative work in the army and appeals to me very much. I have not heard any word as to my acceptance or rejection as yet, but expect to very soon.

	From September to December of 1941, our regiment participated in the Carolina Maneuvers. Little did we know then that we were training for the real thing. We had a great deal of fun, during the maneuvers, but the physical benefits and practical experience gained through participation has stood us all in good stead and I have never heard anyone complain about having been compelled to participate. I distinctly remember Mr. Dickey explaining how much better a real experience is than a vicarious one, and this has certainly proven his statements. 

	I was really delighted to hear from the college and the picture on the front of the card brought back many fond memories of happy days. I can still see many of the students, both men and women, sprawled all over the Spanish Gardens, just absorbing the sun's rays. In the army we call that "goldbricking". I know that everyone at N.S.T.C. is behind us in this War Effort and I am sure, that, if the effort of World War I is duplicated by you, you will have an achievement that each and everyone of you can be proud of. Looking ahead into the future, let's say about twenty years hence, I can see the children of many N.S.T.C.'s present students entering the auditorium for the first time to listen to the President of N.S.T.C. give an account of the exploits of N.S.T.C.'s soldiers in the victorious battle for liberty. 

                      With best wishes to everyone, I am
                                       
                                                         Most sincerely yours,
                                                                              
                                                                Alfred Shargel
                                                                              
P.S. Miss Thompson, many of us are totally unaware of the many activities of N.S.T.C. If some arrangement could be made to keep us in touch with the College, perhaps some kind of a monthly or bi-monthly bulletin. I am sure that it would be greatly appreciated by us. What do you think?

(NT: What do you think?)
