                  WAR ACTIVITIES OF THE U.S.S. GWIN (DM-33)
                                       
The USS GWIN (DM-33) was among the first ships that entered Tokyo Bay with Rear Admiral Badger's Tokyo Bay Occupation Force. This was a fitting climax for a ship that has had a short but eventful career.

Commissioned at San Pedro, California, on September 30, 1944, the GWIN shortly after began her shakedown cruise with considerably less than half of her crew ever having been to sea before. The rigorous training received during this period soon turned the ship into a well organized fighting team. On the 28[th] of December the GWIN sailed from the States, bound for Pearl Harbor and onward routing the forward areas. From Pearl Harbor the GWIN escorted the battleship INDIANA to her destination, but a last minute change in plans included the GWIN in a Task Force scheduled to bombard the island of Iwo Jima on 24 January. The run up from Saipan to Iwo was uneventful but just as the task force was turning to commence the bombardment a low flying Japanese Kamikaze plane came streaking out of the island. Against the dark land background the plane was hard to see so that it closed to about three (3) mile before the gunners started firing. The firing was intense and accurate, but the plane miraculously escaped serious damage until it passed about 50 yards ahead, whe it suddenly burst into flames and crashed in the sea. The bombardment itself was an anti-climax although a shore battery got the GWIN's range and placed several shots close aboard. The GWIN returned to Pearl Harbor from Iwo and engaged in minelaying and gunnery exercises until the 22[nd] of February when she left for Ulithi via Eniwet. About a week was spent at Ulithi refueling, loading stores, and making final preparation for the invasion of Okinawa.

On the 20[th] of March the GWIN sailed for Okinawa in company with a large force of minesweepers, acting as the advance echelon for the invasion ships that were to follow. The waters surrounding Okinawa were reached the 23[rd] of March and the next day the island was sighted in the distance. Although not known at this time, the GWIN was destined to remain in this area the following five (5) months, and spend many anxious days and nights waiting for thedreaded Kamikaze planes to strike. The first two weeks she was employed as support vessel for the minesweepers. Several planes were fired at during this period, but all turned away before approaching within effective gun fire range. On the 27[th] of March two (2) enemy planes were sighted diving on an unidentified cruiser and on the destroyer O'BRIEN. The planes were taken under fire and one was shot down, but the second crashed on O'BRIEN. Abo an hour later five survivors from this ship were picked up by the GWIN. On the evening of 7 April the GWIN provided night illumination (star shells) for the Marin(es) on Okinawa. During the remained of April the GWIN continued to act as minesweep support vessel, inner and outer anti-aircraft screen, and radar picket. The latter duty has been cited by Admiral Nimitz as one of the most hazardous of the entire war. The fanatic Kamakaze pilots made almost daily attacks on our forces during April with the GWIN participating in more than her share of them. Eight (8) planes were destroyed by her fast moveing and shooting gun crews in this month. The largest "bag" came on the 16[th] when the GWIN, in company with a number of minesweep was attacked by six (6) planes. Two of these planes were shot down by the Combat Air Patrol before they came within range of the ship's guns. The remaining four pressed home their attacks heedless of a sky filled with bursting shells, intent on on crashing their planes on a ship. Three planes were shot down in their dives, bu(t) the fourth, although repeatedly hit by gunfire managed to stay in the air long enou(gh) to pass about 20 feet above the GWIN's bridge before crashing in the water 100 yard(s) off to the side.

The 4[th] of May 1945 will long be remembered by the crew of the GWIN for in just six minutes of this day enough action was packed to satisfy for a lifetime even the mos(t) thrill hungry of the men aboard. It all happened at sunset, a favorite time for Kamikaze attacks, while the ship was on radar picket station fifty miles west of Okinawa. The day had been beautiful, brilliant sun, calm waters, and a temperature in the 80's, with no indication of the forthcoming events. About seven o'clock two planes, comprising the Air Combat Patrol, spotted several enemy planes, flying high. The CAP took after the Japs and the GWIN's main battery was swung around to port, ready to open fire if the Japs should slip past our fighters. Suddenly word was received at the gunnery control station "enemy planes coming in low to starboard". The wily enemy had played his ace, for with a high flying decoy, he had lured the GWIN's planes away from the formation and momentarily diverted the ship's attention to port while he slipped in his suicide planes, flying low, on the starboard side. The guns immediately swung starboard and commenced firing at the two closest planes, then about 6,000 yards away. These planes only closed another two or three thousand

                                    (over)
                                       
yards before they crashed in flames. But the enemy had just begun. Hardly had the gunners ceased firing when another plane was observed diving on a ship in com-pany with the GWIN. Several salvos were all that could be fired before the plane dove into the sea, narrowly missing his intended victim. Up forward an unknown (l)ookout, through the smoke of the battle, spotted a Jap plane in a shallow dive about two thousand yards on the starboard beam heading directly for the ship. The main battery swung around again and sent this plane down in flames, but the Japs were not attacking without a system. While this plane was coming in from the star-board another plane had crossed ahead of the ship and was now coming in from the port side. Luckily their timing was a little in error, because the main battery was able to swing around to port and one more suicide was sent to his glorious end. Meanwhile, the machine gunners in the stern of the ship had spotted an enemy plane attempting to sneak in, but with a deadly fire from their light guns the Jap plane was knocked down several thousand yards away. It seemed incredible that a ship could safely outmaneuver and keep shooting down enemy planes attacking from all directions at once. The Jap was clever. His suicide tactics had definitely improved since the beginning of the campaign when the Divine Wind had come down from Japan literally by the thousands only to crash ingloriously in the sea as he met the fighting pilots of the Navy and Marine air force and the devastating fire from Navy gunners. But the Jap was not through with the GWIN yet. While the main battery had been engaged in shooting down the fourth plane, and machine gunners were dispatching the fifth, the last remaining Kamikaze commenced a run in from the disengaged side. Dusk was falling and the smoke from burning powder made detection extremely difficult. The plane was first sighted by the after gunners who immediately opened fire, but the plane was now less than two thousand yards away. Before the main battery could swing completely around, the Japanese plane, riddled by gunfire from the automatic weapons, crashed into the ship. The plane's gasoline started a fire but this was quickly brought under control by the repair parties. The immediate results of the suicide landing were the death of four men, wounding of ten others, and serious damage to several guns. Out of an estimated force of eight to ten Japanese planes the GWIN shot down five in addition to the one that crashed the ship, and the destroyer in company shot down two or three more. In spite of the battle damage the GWIN remained on station two days before being relieved.

The remained of May was spend repairing damage until near the end of the month when she was again sent out on radar picket duty.

The month of June saw a continuation of the daily attacks by enemy aircraft. During part of this month the GWIN was employed as support vessel for the minesweepers in the extensive sweeping operations in the Ease China Sea. Although Okinawa had been secured and declared under American control, July offered us no let-up from air raids. General Quarters and air alerts were a daily recurrence.

On August 13[th] the GWIN left Okinawa, after being on continuous duty in that area since March 23, bound for Tokyo. On the 27[th] of August Honshu Island was sighted, the GWIN's first glimpse of Japan. The following two days were spent acting as mine destruction vessel, cleaning the approached to Tokyo Bay for the Third Fleet. The GWIN anchored in Tokyo Bay on 29 August 1945 within sight of the sacred mountain of Fujiyama and less than 25 miles from the city of Tokyo.

During her short career the GWIN shot down sixteen planes, participated in two shore bombardments, and sank more than 50 enemy mines. She has been officially commended individually by Commander Mine Squadron Three, and Commander Minecraft Pacific Fleet, and collectively as a part of the Okinawa defense force by the Commander in Chief, U.S. Fleet, Commander in Chief, U.S. Pacific Fleet, and Commander Third Fleet. Every man who served aboard her, especially during the long and hazardous Okinawa campaign, merits the time honored Navy phrase "Well Done".
