HEADQUARTERS
THEPROVOST MARSHAL GENERAL'S SCHOOL
FORT CUSTER, MICHIGAN
1681[ST] Service Unit						AS/bd

2 March 1944

Dear Arnold:

Your initial salutation was appropriate and proper, and for that reason I have addressed you in the same vein.

Many thanks for the congratulations. However, I have reached the top rung of the ladder in my present assignment; therefore, any future promotions hinge on a reassignment.

I want to apologize for not having answered your letter sooner. However, at the present time I am attempting to hold down two jobs, and for that reason, my free time is definitely limited.

(Part of letter cut out and missing)

I have received several copies of The Servicemen's News. I have enjoyed them very much. It was quite surprising to me to note that there was only one older graduate in the service than myself. We may be old in point of years, but physically I think we (the two of us) can still take it with the rest of them. At least, I would welcome the opportunity of proving it one way or another over there.

I realize that Army terminology is usually foreign to civilians, and for that reason we are often time overrated by the uninitiated as to our importance or position in the Army. It has come to my attention in the January "News" that I have been listed as the Director of the Provost Marshal General's School. That is somewhat of an exaggeration. My proper title is Commanding Officer, Officer Candidate and Enlisted Men's Schools. These schools are comprised of students who attend the Provost Marshal General's School at this Fort. My address, therefore, is

Lt. Colonel Alvin Sauer,
Commanding Officer,
CC and EM Schools,
P.M.G.S.
Fort Custer, Michigan

I am convinced that the Army as a whole is doing a swell job along teaching lines, especially when we realize that the vast majority of our instructors, or those charged with instruction, have has no previous training in the methods, technique or psychology of teaching. We have a well-qualified staff in our Instructional Methods Department. It is the responsibility of this department to train new instructors, observe all instructors periodically, so as to keep them on their toes, and recommend ways and means of improving the instruction generally. By this method we are able to eliminate the "weak sisters" before they had an opportunity to do too much harm. I realize that this practice cannot be carried out in all units throughout the Army, so that occasionally men are subjected to poor instruction. A great deal of emphasis is placed upon the use of visual aids (charts, models, films, etc.) in the method of preparing a class to accept instruction, the proper use of repetition, etc., and tricks which were formerly more or less of a trade secret in the teaching profession.

Various names of the faculty come to my mind, such as Miss Kane, Mr. Hatch, Mr. Sloan, Mr. Richmond, Uncle and Mrs. Dan, Mrs. Denny, Miss Rogers, Mr. Quinn, Miss Downs and several others. I realize that I have forgotten, or failed to remember at the moment, the names of all those with whom I had most pleasant associations during my school fays. Therefore, I am asking you to remember me most kindly to every member of the faculty. 

If I can be of any further service to you, or anyone at the School, please do not hesitate to write me. I shall be most happy to do anything I possibly can.

Sincerely,

Al

ALVIN SAUER
Lt. Colonel, CMP
