                                                              7 September 1945
                                                                   Buckner Bay
                                                                       Okinawa
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson:

Another school year will be underway at Newark State when this letter reaches you.

My heart stirs at the thoughts of my days as a frosh. I was eager enough but ever so naïve. Every day seemed to me a coming out party, psychologically of course. Maturing was a slow but progressive experience in my case and I took great pleasure in every success I could achieve.

Instructors had a profound effect on me and it was apparent that my philosophies were a direct result of their teachings.

I'll never forget college and the challenge is represented. Some(sp?) students were from the same station in life so the barrier of wealth never separated us into classes. 

Enough of the past for now and I'll turn to the present. Bill Menweg's death was distressing to hear after of associations on the basket ball team. He's the third Newark State man to die as I recall. Baldsiefen(sp?) and Jackman preceeding him.

Bernie Schneider and I had a reunion aboard my ship in Kevarna Retto(sp?) some time in May. His main concern was for my safety after the "suicider" had hit us, coming over to view the damage and check in on the casualties. I visited him some time later and while talking on deck two "suiciders" sneaked in the anchorage and damaged a ship. First planes Bernie and his ship had seen.

Bob Behrendt's destroyer came into Kevarma(sp?) to fuel one afternoon but we had to use blinker lights to do our conversing. Each ship was scheduled to get under-way shortly so visiting was out. While in Tokyo Bay I sent him another message inviting him over but they steamed off before I received an answer. 

Today's the 10[th] and we're on our way to Shikoku, one of the smaller islands. We're to supervise the opening of Kii Suido, the northern entrance to the Inland Sea, so that hospital ships cand proceed to Osaka and evacuate prisoners of war. We'll have the honor of being the first Allied ships to enter the Inland Sea. I'd like to steal away and see Hiroshima or Nagasaki, the atomic bomb craters. 

I spent an hour on unofficial business that took me ashore in Tokyo Bay where I saw the Yokosuka Naval Base. The place was in a decadent state with the battleship Nagato, some midget subs, and a few PT boats being the only units there. Many Jap work battalions were cleaning up the place under surveillance of U.S. Navy officers. I was disappointed and felt that the Nips are still inferior to us.

Please remember me to the faculty and any of the alumni who may return to visit you. 

Enclosed is a short resume of the highlights of our stay out here. It'll be some time before we hit the States again so I'll send it along in the mail.

                                                                    Sincerely,
                                                                              
                                                                Al Scott `43
