                                                                       March 7
                                                                          1930

[Logo: WAVES Anchor]
WAVES
UNITED STATES NAVY

Dear Miss Thompson,

They say when I die I'll be known as the "late Anne McCauley." Better late than never I always say. But as you can probably visualize the Navy occupies as much of your time as they can.

I left you Jan. 13 with Eileen Berry for "Boot Camp" at Hunter College. I'm so glad I had her with me cause for the first three days everything is so confusing that one doesn't know whether to laugh or cry. We would just look at each other and laugh so it made our indoctrination much easier. I shouldn't use that word cause at the time there was nothing easy about it. As I look back now I wouldn't trade it for the world, but we did plenty of griping at the time. The Navy tells us it's healthy to gripe so I was normal. They kept us up and running for sixteen hours every day for six weeks. It was unbelievable. I certainly could never have pictured myself doing it. Occasionally over there I saw Frankie Gelertner (I believe that's the way it's spelled) I was two weeks ahead of her so I kept her up on what she was getting into. You never think you're going to make it but they say they haven't had a casualty yet.

We got a shore leave while we were there. We had saturday afternoon and all day sunday. Of course we had to be back to the barracks each night at nine o'clock. I guess that was so these unknowing southern and western girls wouldn't be led astray in the big city. And a good idea it was. It's surprising how many of them had never really been to a big city before. I was one of the lucky ones cause I could go home. I went home on sunday and brought a couple of girls with me. I always say there's nothing like your family for a morale booster. Of course they thought I made the most attractive WAVE they've ever seen. I don't know what would happen if my sister and I both came home at the same time. Was every body really staring at me in New York or could it be that I was a little proud of my uniform that just weekend out?

Well we got back and got our billets. I consider myself very lucky in being chosen as an aerial gunnery instructor. When I finish my six weeks training course I will be designated a Specialist "G" Third Class, which means third class petty officer. I shouldn't say I will be cause I think we'll all get our ratings right away. Only the top 10%. For four weeks we take the regular navy gunmen's course. I have enclosed our schedule for this, our second week to give you an idea of the courses. This they say is for back ground and in case we are ever asked to teach gunnery. Our course is a little more involved because they don't get the math we do. For our last two weeks we study what the navy calls 342. This is a synthetic training device. Simply a movie camera with two projectors. One throws on the screen a movie of an enemy plane making an attack at the tail end of the gunner's bomber and the other throws a sight on the screen. The gunmen or student is sitting at a machine gun which instead of throwing out bullets throws a light beam. This gives them practice in estimating the apparent line of speed and motion. The noise of the plane and the gun go along with it. I find the whole course very interesting but much more difficult than anything I could ever conceive. We have to learn to identify 50 planes and each one is flashed on a screen for 1/50 of a second. That (corse) course, Recognition and Math. I find the most difficult. Tell Dr. Virene(sp?) not to be discouraged that I've always found math difficult. The shooting part I just love. We so far have shot pistols, shotguns, and 30 calibre machine guns and you could tell Mr. D'Angola I'd be glad to take him on some day. I'm glad for the short course I did with him cause although I thought I didn't know anything there are some I find who know less.

Enough of the schooling. That by far does not take up my whole navy life. As you can see school ends at 3:30 P.M. and we have until 10:00 P.M. for ourselves. I try to study at least two hours every night but that still leaves plenty of time. At least you get to think that way in the navy.

The base here is simply georgous. We are on a peninsula, surrounded by the gulf of Mexico, nine miles from Pennsacola the only city near here, and I even prefer Newark to it. We have had beautiful weather so far, have been swimming almost every day. The beach is beautiful. I'm continually thrilled by these planes zooming over head and I hang around the sea plane base every chance I get. Since we are so far from town and this is (the) one of the oldest naval air bases in the country, we have plenty of entertainment on the base, not counting the male population. Here are all the men Newark State's been looking for all these years. I'm afraid it's going to be an awful let-down to go back to civilian life some-how I can't picture it now.

Please give my regards to everyone, Miss Kain and tell her I will drop her a line, also Miss Seager. I hope Dr. Sheaffer is feeling better and also trust this finds you in good health.

Would love to hear the latest news from Newark State and also would like to know the date of graduation and I'm going to try my best to make it.

My best to all

Anne
