ELLINGTON FIELD, TEXAS
2/13/44
Dear Miss Thompson,
This is almost like following little Joe O'Sullivan around, he started training in this Pre Flight, too. Here they have two sections  -  one wing for navigators, one for bombardiers, because the essential subjects are the same. Of course, now that the training program is being (illegible) and the influx is decidedly cut down  -  it seems that those Pre Flights will be consolidated. So  -  even though we've been started here, there's no telling where we'll end up.
Anyway while we're here, we're really being crammed full of Math, and code, aircraft recognition, and the rest of it. We do get nine weeks of this, divided into three three week intervals. It seems that the navigators have an easier time, comparatively speaking than the pilots over at San Antonio or the bombardiers over on the other side of the field. That's as far as so called discipline goes  -  not in academic work. We get more than either one  -  of that  -  but they seem to be lighter on us with the time honored practice of scrubbing floors or running these long winded parades off.
As I said, we get an immense amount of academic work, and not much spare time to use for study, but the courses are so organized that about 95% of the material can be readily absorbed by staying alert in classes. Every single minute of class time is packed full, believe me, the instructors are the best and don't waste any time at all. Probably because they have a syllabus for each hour, stating exactly what must be covered, and I pity the instructor that fails to finish that work up in the hour because very often there's a different instructor thrown in every day or so, or substituting or taking over. To keep the continuity that syllabus has to followed religiously.
Conditions here are very good as far as food, etc go. And the part that appeals to me very much is that we don't draw very much KP at all any more, the Army has men who have it permanently. At classification units I seemed to be a target for KP details, had it regularly  -  so I can appreciate the absence of it now!
So that's just about the latest state of affairs here. Hope everything back there is still just as always, too.
Yours,
Arthur Bowman
