July 19, 1945
Dear Miss Thompson,
   Now that you are over the shock of seeing a four page letter from me, I'll ask you a favor. Will you please convey my apologies to Miss Martha Huber, who is supposed to be the recipient of my inspired letters? I'm afraid to write to her because I have never answered her letter informing me that she was my sponsor or something, anyway she is probably a senior or married or a pillar of learning in our educational system by now. 
   Incidentally while I think of it, do not let Dr. Shea see this letter or she will lose her faith in the effectiveness of her teaching. My grammar ain't what she used to be. Due no doubt to my vocabulary being developed in other directions.
   In all probability you have a map of the Pacific Ocean areas handy, so if you will find the equator and place your finger north of it, then find the international date line and place the forefinger of your right hand to the west of it, you will have my precise location. Seriously that is all censorship will let me tell.
   We have the usual nightly disturbances out here in the form of bombing and so forth but even that is routine. The Japs come over don't go back- very simple.
   The job we are doing out here is classified so I can't tell you what it is except that in this theatre it is a "first" and that we are working two twelve hour shifts rain or shine.
   You will probably be interested in the type of unit I'm with and what we are designed to do.
   I'm in command of a "separate" company. This means that I am boss and solely responsible for what the company does or anything that happens within the unit. In other words, I have the same power as a regimental commander. To my mind, there is no better type of command in the Army. The only ones I take orders from are interested in results not how I run the unit, so I set my own policies.
   The company is colored and because of that very fact is very interesting. The insight I am gaining on the psychology and philosophy of the negro is going to help greatly in a teaching situation. The entire racial problem is one that Is always interesting. I have had many open and "card on the table" discussions with my men in which the problems are attacked with an open mind and without resentment. I find that being frank and willing to discuss "prejudices" I have eliminated a lot of potential trouble.
   This letter has run on too long so I'll close. Please give my best regards to Mr. Hatch, Mr. Richmond and the other members of the faculty.
   
Sincerely,
Art Benson "41"

Ps. I want to express my appreciation of the work Dr. Vaughan  -  Eames (sp?) and the staff are doing. The "Service Men's News" is always interesting and it certainly helps keep track of classmates.

My present address is:
Captain Arthur E. Benson
1357[th] Eng. Dp. Ink Co.
APO 245 c/o Post Master San Francisco

The APO is my fourth since the one now used on your mailing list.

Thanks again,
Art Benson
