1/28/44

Dear Miss Thompson  -  

Now that I'm here it seems that I'll be in Texas forevermore, or so it appears. When we arrived here, the welcoming (?) officer at our orientation lecture advised us that we were in the "Texan Air Force"  -  that is, all our training will be in Texas unless the fields are too crowded to accommodate us. Texas is wonderful flying country. I can see that, in fact right around San Antonio are seven air fields alone.

I've been classified as navigator, but the next stop  -  Pre Flight will have to wait until they graduate a class or two so as to make room for us. In the meantime we spend our time KP'ing guard, drill & P.T. which don't add up to an attractive total in my eyes!

Life down here isn't too bad, though. At least the weather is nice. It's more like April than January down here right now, after the whistling winds of Cleveland it's a wonderful feeling. Believe it or not, the last few weeks we were up there we were flying off 2 and 3 inches of snow, and it was so cold one day that one boy removed the metal gas cap and got a touch of frostbite for his trouble. We were certainly glad to leave that place.

Since we've been here we've been testing and taking physicals and what not. The wash out rate is now around 35% since the standards have been raised. They explain the rise in standards at this testing center by showing that since the courses have been compacted and intensified (again) the boys who couldn't absorb the training fast enough have to be weeded out before, for their own good- because they would simply wash out later.

Had my first glimpse of San Antonio yesterday, maybe living near New York and being stationed in Oakland spoiled me  -  but San Antonio certainly don't hold much appeal for the boys in our gang, and that's just putting it mildly. We are all N.Y. and N.J. boys except one  -  who is a native of San Antonio. He was the only one appreciated the town at all, and at this moment he is doing his best to defend what civic pride he has left against these unmerciful blasts of New Yorkers and Brooklynites.  -  Quite a time!
Well, Miss Thompson, give my regards to all the folks back there 0 and don't forget to send along the Reflector and Servicemen's News when they come out if you will. I really enjoy them.

Yours,

Art Bowman
