UNITED STATES ARMY AIR FORCES

Dear Miss Thompson,

Well, this time they've really done a first class of isolating me! As you could probably surmise by scanning my address, I'm out in the sticks, but good. How could a town with a name such as "Hiram" be anything but that?

We're about 40 miles south east of Cleveland, and our college is about 3 miles from the nearest railroad station, with not a bus line in sight. Hiram itself has a main street consisting of one side of one block, with a PX, a butcher, a general store, a bank and a Vol Fire dept. Around the town is the town church. Incidentally population figures run around 250, so you can see that the men who planted us here were taking no chances on distractions of a hurly burly city!

Its really a very nice place though, the people are all the finest type  -  and all in all the town is a typical, small thoroughly American town that I was sure existed only in the movies, such as "Our Town." The whole place is nestled in the hallows of some sort of hilly region. (I suppose it has a name, but I don't know it) and the rolling fields and steep hills make for wonderful scenic beauty - if not so much for comfort on those cross country runs we take every day.

As far as college itself is concerned, the first stone was said to be placed in the year 1850, by one Zeb Rudolph  -  in the name of The Hiram Eclectic Institute, which makes certain buildings of ripe vintage! In fact one of the buildings bears the plaque  -  "Built in 1850  -  Remodeled in 1886"(!). But all the building are thoroughly up to date, (in case I had your worried) and we are really having the time of our lives considering there are only a few hundred soldiers here  -  compared to the myriads that we had at Miami Beach. Everything here is of the finest. The food is prepared and served by the regular staff of college cooks, which makes it taste twice as good, in that we have no K.P. details, we live in regular college dorms, use all the college facilities and run everything ourselves on the student officer system. Of course the discipline aspect is very rigid, for instance for our first month here we are not allowed outside the door of our room unless so ordered and we spend Saturdays and Sundays feather cutting the lawns and improving the grounds in general. But this is only for the first month, and then we'll be much freer. In fact, the boys like it so well, they really hate to leave  -  which in itself is a novelty for a soldier encampment. 

We go to school 6 hours a day, have one hour of physical training and one hour of drill sandwiched in and then take a study period of two hours nightly from 8-10PM. Here they teach one subject continuously all day for one month and then go to another. At present math for aviation is on the menu.

Sp that's the situation at present. According to the book we're supposed to be here until the end of December, but then we were scheduled for 56 days at Miami Beach, and ended up by leaving on the 25[th], so anything can happen, I guess.

By the way  -  here's my address, (the A/S stands for Aviation Student)

A/S ARTHUR C. BOWMAN  -  42000617
4[TH] A.A.F.C.T.D.
SQUAD D  SECTION 5
HIRAM COLLEGE
HIRAM, OHIO

Very truly yours,

Art Bowman

P.S. I'm not positive, but they tell me that Pres. Garfield was born here and instructed in this very college.
