U.S ARMY AIR FORCES

22 Sept.

Dear Miss Thompson  - 

The king sized envelope isn't as much my idea as the stamp short mail clerks  -  so don't let it mislead you, I wasn't trying to dominate the appearance of your mail pile!

Since the war ended we've been wondering as much as anyone over the "when" part of our notation. It was a jolt to our living pattern to find ourselves with no more missions to make, but I admit freely it was a very pleasant jolt! After a week or so of just waiting I was consigned as the assistant Group Education officer, in addition to any flying duties that might arise. Since these have been infrequent recently, I've been able to devote most of the time to my various duties. I should say `we', because there are two of us working on the specific work assigned, myself and a Sgt.

The Army has sponsored a fairly extensive educational program, and with a little advertising the response has well exceeded our capacities, especially in the organized classes which are held using USAF texts and materials. Our work extends beyond that, however. My `department' is concerned mostly with vocational guidance, using the Army Information Kit, a compilation of some four hundred folders and books which gives some very valuable information on any number of vocations and professions. We've been quite busy with that ; the response to our program has been quite large, too, and by the use of off duty discussion groups we have the opportunity of bringing some men who have had extensive experience in a vocation to give supplementary information also. All in all, the work is quite interesting. Oddly enough my "staff" of one, the Sgt. I mentioned is, or was also an Industrial Arts major at Wayne University.

Speaking of Industrial Arts, do you expect the course to reopen in a large degree this coming year? I have every reason to expect a discharge in the next three months and naturally I'm interested in beginning work again as soon as I can.

I was awfully sorry to hear of Joe O'Sullivan's illness. I understand that his condition has become quite serious lately. Of course, out here I haven't much opportunity to get the news, and I haven't heard from Joe in quite a while. If you could send his address to me I'd appreciate it very much; I believe that Helen Camley(sp?) mailed me his Walter Reed address, but I've misplaced it.

Now I must end this letter; your V-Mail was very welcome as well as the Servicemen's News which have been coming fairly regularly- my best wishes to all, and I hope to see you soon again.

Sincerely,

Art Bowman
