Dear Miss Thompson,

This letter is long overdue, I know  -  and I haven't a single excuse (but there certainly are a number of reasons!). I won't go into how those last weeks were at Hondo(sp?), anyone who has been thru this training can tell you that well enough, but I will say in the last two weeks did as much as heretofore I'd have sworn couldn't have been done in two months. And that is said in all sincerity.

When I finished there it appeared as if things might ease up for a while  -  and they did  -  for four days. A group of us were assigned to B-29 work, which is exactly what I had hoped for 0 and for this we were sent down here to this field for some courses in methods of navigation & bombing which are still confidential & secret. Its no secret to say that these are the most marvelous affairs that could be imagined for this type of work  -  however. Anyway when I leave here they'll have me rated as an air observer, bombardier & navigator too. All of which means probably that I'll always have a selection of wings to wear!

While we are hear we're quartered in the officers club which I understand was once a resort for the tired rich from up North. I can't say I'm rich, but I agree with the rest as far as I'm concerned. It's a lovely place, an odd thing to say about a camp, - but in many aspects that's the way it affected us. So I haven't a complaint in the world, as of now except the 4:30am flights  -  (but there are always the compensating naps in Bombardiers compartment!)

Anyway  -  so much for the news from here abouts. Just before I left Hondo(sp?) I received the Servicemen's News. It was very nice to have it, - but I was quite a bit saddened to hear of Walt Jackman. He was a very fine boy, all around. It looks as if most of the old bunch are over, or on their way over. Frankly, we're all restless down here, - schooling & more schooling can make you near to the point where the thing now sought after is the opportunity to apply it where it will do the most good. I, for once, hope it won't be much longer.

Speaking of schools, I received a copy of credits in courses that the Air Corps gave us at Hiram College. I doubt if the school in Nwk could apply very many of them to my record because the courses are fairly elementary. However, I'll bring them in, if & when a leave materializes & see what the situation is.

I'd better stop writing now, when I begin speaking of leaves it usually is a danger sign some sort, So good by for nw-

Art Bowman
