                            PSYCHOLOGICAL SECTION
                           TUSKEGEE ARMY AIR FIELD
                                                    TUSKEGEE ALABAMA					BK/1h
[Note: "Miss Thomspon" penciled in top right in bold hand]
                                                              14 December 1943
                                                                              
State Teachers College
Newark, New Jersey



	Don't know exactly to whom this should be addressed, but thank you all for the pleasant moments I've had and shall have looking over the pictures of the activities at the school. Although it's been so many years since I attended, the old place had never seemed so close as it does now.
	There don't seem to be many men at the school --- the girls there are probably much more aware of that condition than anyone else. However, the girls do certainly look pretty -- especially when you're stationed in a thumbnail town miles from anywhere. I can imagine how much more beautiful they look to the boys in some of the other places on the globe.
	I recognize Miss Kane and Mrs. Denny in one of the pictures. Miss Kane looks quite thoughtful --- and who is that sparkling young thing in the middle? Not Dr. Downs, is it?
	The pictures bring back some fond memories --- noonday dances --- daily walks once around the garden or twice around Mr. Sloan --- bull sessions with Miss Baldwin --- or heart to heart talks with Miss Thompson -- but brother Al had the corner on the Thompson market.
	Thank you again -- and congratulations to Mr. D'Angola, since, as I recall he was quite a photographic bug, and I believe he must have had at least a finger in the preparation of this fine collection. Also appreciate your sending the periodical.
	Kindest regards and holiday greetings to all.

                                			Cordially,
                          [Note: Signature] Ben Kaufman
                                         Ben Kaufman
         				2[nd] Lt., Air Corps,
         				Officer in Charge
