My Dear Miss Thompson,

I get so tired of writing the usual banalities that I have pared my letters to the minimum but after I have done or seen something worth writing about I send forth a stream of them (Xacto'd out). I spent the day sightseeing in Rome. It was quite an experience and entirely different from anything I've seen so far. Rome is primarily a sightseeing city because of all its historical places both ancient and modern. After all Mussolini bellowing from his balcony on the Piazza Venizia was much the same as any of the Roman politicians speaking in the forum. Naples, however, is a city for amusement and pleasure. The people themselves are not the same, in Rome they seem more sober and sedate and certainly cleaner.
The day was so full that I shall have to start at the beginning in order to cover all of it. The Cathedral of St. Peters was impossible to "take in" at one glance because of the profusion of statues, fountains, columns and people. I took some photographs of the outside of the building and of the colonnades on both wings. There are no cameras allowed inside the church. This practice applies to all soldiers and civilians. According to the guides, the Germans weren't allowed into the church at all.
Time has tarnished most of the bronze and the dimness inside keeps the gold from bedazzling the on-lookers. On the inside, again, there is too much to take in at one time. I walked around it twice and am still sorting out my impressions. The first thing that struck me and seems to affect everyone else is the atmosphere of spirituality. Many of the churches and synagogues I've seen were ornate with gilt and art but the spirit seemed earth bound because I felt they were trying to impress their members and the rest of churches in the vicinity. St. Peters is full of the prayers of millions of people from hundreds of years. All the paintings, murals, mosaics and statuary are rich but not gaudy. The jewels and gold are subordinated to the whole rather than (illegible) in their own right.
In the treasure room, I saw a gold (illegible) that had at least 60 diamonds, emeralds, and rubies. Again, according to the guide the smallest of these was now worth over a million lire. The medals of a Cardinal, Secretary of State to Pius X were displayed. If Herr Goering could ever see them he'd turn green with envy.
I climbed up to the top of the dome. Inside, looking down is the first chance to realize the immensity of the building. From the outside there is a magnificent view of the city. Most of the buildings are low so the landmarks stand out.
From there we went to the Castle of San Angel built in 1544 by Pope Pius IV. It originally was the Mausoleum of Hadrian and much of the foundation is Roman in origin. The original moat which must have been filled with water from the Tiber has been converted into a park. The was and ceiling decorations, made from original materials, if a catapmet(sp?) and a big cross-bow that used a harpoon about 6 ft long for a projectile.
I'm still on the north bank of the Tiber but I won't be able to get across in this letter. I'll write about the rest of my day as soon as I can. 
Give my regards to the rest of the faculty. I haven't received a copy of the Alumni's News for quite a while.
Sincerely,
Bernard
