                                                        360 Monte Vista Avenue
                                                           Oakland, California
                                                             February 25, 1944
Attention of
                                Mr. Hutchinson
                                Library Staff
                                  Mr. Sloan
                                  Miss Aston
                                 Dr. Dolores
                                       
Dear friends  - 
	Yesterday  -  besides being our third wedding anniversary (we have them monthly) we found a permanent address for a while at least.  After 3 months of married life a la, via weekends, shore leave and traveling across the country we have found a certain ecstatic relief in joining the battle of ration points.  We came to San Francisco with the belief that the ship to which I was assigned would be ready to shove off.  Now we discover that due to labor trouble it is behind schedule, so off to school I go again.  
	After 3 months of Midshipman's School and two months of Ohio State preparing as a cognition officer, I will now take up piloting, communications, damage control and coding ---- I guess until the ship is ready.
	Arriving in green rainy Frisco we were greeted with rationing of hotels.  A five day limit.  By combining room hunting and sight seeing we managed to delve into sundry parts of this tour of the Golden Gate...but we failed to unearth a room.  On the last day of our hotel limit we frantically went to Oakland a cross the Bay from Frisco.....And found a room.  A more beautiful sunlit room you never did see.  While we delighted in the rooms possibilities we had the sudden realization that we must be out of the hotel by 1500 and it already 1200.  Stampeding back to Frisco we conjectured how we were ever going to move our bags across the bay considering the limitation on taxis.  Rather desperately I called the Red Cross and bless them.....they had a station wagon leaving for duty in Oakland and would be glad to aid us if....we could be ready in 10 minutes.  
	It still amazes us how we ever got those seven bags repacked and lined up on the curb in 10 minutes.  
	Situated on top of a hill this former mansion is divided into apartments or rooms for 8 naval couples (which makes it convenient for the wives to play while hubby's away).  It has the usual real estate advantages near stones, trolley + trains to Treasures Island and to Treasure Island and Peninsula meaning Frisco.
	We love the place.
	I'm stationed at Treasure Island the former World's fair sight is now a naval base and training center.  One advantage of being an officer  -  you can live alone.
	School is not like "College Daze".  There is too much of the grim reality that your error may mean another's life.  You study as much as you can but you realize it is never enough for the job you are expected to do.
	It has been ages since graduation it seems.  Not that we don't find value in what we do.  But it is so foreign to the job for which we prepared ourselves in college.
	A sign of growth perhaps.  Good!  Ninfa + I are sorry not to leave head the opportunity to visit you before coming west.
	You know it's a funny thing  -  how strong the ties really are for those whose company's ship you've enjoyed now that we have an address could I receive the service men's news.  November was the last.  Like to know of the news of the others.
					Yours Sincerely
							Ninfa + Bame

{Transcribed by Anthony McFarlane 11/26/13}      
                                       
