{NT: Answered 10/16/42}
(United States Army Logo)
Co.B 
Brk #3
9[th] Medical Btn.
Camp Pickett Va.
Sept. 18, 1942
Dear Mr. Hutchinson:
	After an un adventurous first week at FT Dix, I was transferred here to begin basic training in the medical Corps.  This undoubtedly will throw somewhat of a monkey wrench on our machinery, in other words, it's going to be a complete surprise.  Naturally I was very much surprised myself when I was told of this fact as it was very much out of my mind.  However there is no need to worry about it.  I was not put here because I'm not fit for any other work.  The reason being I think because of the fact that I was born in Italy and have relatives there and in the war.  I've met a lot of other fellows in the same category.  They are all 1-Amen, some Germans, other Italians and some Japanese.  I never realized I would play the role of Good Samaritan in this war.  I know it's going to be somewhat gruesome but that's war so I'll not worry about that part yet.
	At the interview at Dix I inquired about the Air Corps and was told to go see the Aviation Cadet Board.  I never did however because I put on details during office hours and let it go until I was transferred.    Down here at this interview I inquired the officer about it also.  He said that chances are very slim for my being transferred to another branch.  There is a quota ((page break)) set for this section and that is very small.  
	From all this I conclude that it would now be useless to try for anything else.  This is were the authorities want me.  They don't want fellows like me to go out and take active participation against our former countrymen.  This is very lenient and sympathetic and I may be wrong, but that's it all should amount to.  
	Now that I'm down here I will be given eight weeks of basic training.  This will include, drilling; classroom work in first aid; anatomy; physiology + things like that and also something about poison gases.  After the eight weeks are up we will be transferred to another camp for practical experience.  If we are not transferred we may either be eligible for officers training school or be stationed at this camp permanently in case some are made corporals.
	As far as the tests are concerned I did not like them.  They were too general.  In the I.Q. test half of it consisted of guessing how many blocks were hidden in a certain picture.  I got 100 in the I.Q. and 115 in the technical apt. test and 109 in the radio aptitude test.  With the exception of the signal caryor test the others were no doubt disappointing.  Just for the fun of it I'd like to know what my I.Q.mark is there at the (illegible). 
	Best regards to Dr. Shea and all the fellows.  Hoping to hear from you soon.
	Respectfully 
	Carlo Landolfi
