Aug. 30, 1944
Dear Miss Thompson:
	I had wanted to write to you quite a while ago but knowing that you were not around N.S. I decided to wait until I heard of your return.  But no sooner I heard of it than you write to me, which I am quite thankful.
	It is now nearly three months since my injuries in France and at last I'm beginning to come along full recovery.  The Germans did a good job on me but luckily, for me, did not finish me off.  If the fighting doesn't cease as soon as it now looks I shall hope to go back and revenge my hurt pride.  I was only in there one week and although that week was the most interesting, (the first) it gave me no satisfaction of inflicting any damage out there.  
	The reason why the French campaign held so much interest was that a great many forces were involved in breaking in at Hitler's strongest defense, It required a great deal of preparation + training of men + materials.
	It was one of the most critical military undertakings of history; also one of the most enormous.  When I saw the defense on that Normandy beach, I realized why things had to be that way.  It couldn't have worked any other way!
	It surprises me very happily to hear of Mr. Hutchinson's recent appointment.  Now my troubles are over, I'm sure!
	The controversy as to the kind and amount of reading matter in this zone should have no complaint. 
	Ever since I've been here I've had plenty of reading matter in books, magazines and other literature.
	We get service man's editions of current best sellers, western stories, mystery + detective and the like. 
	Magazines are plentiful, with Time, Life, Newsweek, Readers Digest, Cornonet and countless others.  Perhaps the ones suffering are the boys in isolated areas of Alaska and the Pacific.  As for the better class of literature, I have seen very little of it, if any at all.  But the boys don't want serious things.  They want literature that appears on the daily newsstand not in school or College libraries!  
	Under this categories my education has been starving since I joined the army and I'll have a lot to catch up on, on my return.
	But the experience gained is worth its weight in gold!
	I enjoy reading the Service Men's News + look forward to each new issue.
	Hospital life is wonderful for a few weeks but when it runs into months it's not so good any more.  However we are well taken care of.  
	The recent changes in the Administration held me spellbound for a while I could hardly imagine a few things  -  such as Mr. Hess being Vice Mayor of Newark for example! 
	Please remember me to all the faculty, particularly Miss Brooks, Dr. Shea, Mr. L'angals Mr. Hutchinson and students all wishing you all a busy year of work and hoping all I'll be joining your ranks again soon.
	Sincerely
	Carlo

{Transcribed by Anthony McFarlane 9/27/13}
