Fri  -  March 24, 1944
New Guinea

Dear Mrs. Plenty:

Am I excused for this undue tardiness in repaying you the grand visit you made to me? In your own unimitatable way  -  I can visualize & hear you saying "Yes  -  you're pardoned, son." Your letter of January 17[th] was indeed a pleasant one to receive. I'm sincere when I say that it did much toward bringing N.S.T.C. & its environs that much closer to me. I acknowledge it with a grateful "Thank You." There are countless thoughts racing thru my mind at the present  -  things which I want to relate to you, Mrs. Plenty  -  but it seems that each one wants to the privilege of being written about first. The outcome is a conglomeration of staccato ideas. Before I go any farther, I want to tell you that I am going to break one of the cardinal rules of letter writing by not using the paragraph. I always use the excuse having to do with paper shortage. I've decided to give you some of the highlights right from scratch so I shant ramble on any longer. After bidding all you fine people and true friends in college a reluctant "goodbye" in Jan/42 I made my way to never-to-be-forgotten Fort Dix. My stay there was short lived, however, and nine days later found me speeding my way to deep in the heart of Texas with nothing but a magic of wonderment prodding my brain. Nothing like the life I'd been leading, thought I. This became more and more conclusive as those hardening up days of basic training floated by. Between the multitudes of inoculations received and diving into cactus during simulated air attacks this young fellow was soon rendered a veritable pin-cushion. Soon came April and time for barracks bag packing. With nothing but a smattering of fist aid principles, map reading, material medica, 2 sore feet & some 10 lbs. extra  -  Charlie was once more seeing America via the streamliner method. Tho not exactly a Horace Greeley follower  -  the Army converted me & westward I went. Destination? San Francisco. "At last a permanent residence," we uttered. Guess I was one of those who was just a bit presumptuous, Mrs. Plenty, for a month later the 174[th] and I were being transported on the blue Pacific to our place of new adventures  -  Australia. In summing up then  -  2 checker board moves  -  taking me from coast to coast  -  were all that were necessary to make me learn first-hand what I had formerly gotten from Mrs. Sloan's geography 201 course. The month I spent in Frisco was a grand and glorious one. The main reason for that was having Augusta with me. That was rude of me to bring my wife into the conversation without even a word of introduction. You may have seen Augusta with me at some of the social functions held at the college. After 7 years of courtship we were married during my senior year. Things being as they were at the time practicum et al  -  somehow or another it was never announced. At the present time Augusta is presiding in Jersey City with her mother. She's carrying on nobly in the role of a war wife. Her occupational pursuits seem a little differently than mine. A graduate of Pace Institute  -  with a major in accounting  -  Augusta is performing the duties of head book-keeper & secretary of a large glass corporation in New York City. She continues to be a real source of inspiration to this soldier boy, Mrs. Plenty and the main reason I've carried on no matter what. From the many times I've spoken to her about you while I was at school  -  she too feels as though she has known you for years. She will meet you one day  -  I assure you. If 2 happy people do happen to barge in your classroom while in the midst of a discourse on the normal curve of distribution  -  do excuse us will you? Now for what I've been doing in my 22 months overseas. For 14 months we called Australia proper our home. I've been fortunate enough to see their main large cities as well as the rough & dried out bush country you readily associate Australia with. It was a grand opportunity for me to study the peoples, customs, type government, business procedures, monetary system, & yes  -  even the educational program. I took every occasion to do that in between times. The customs deviate very little from ours. They believe in fads and fancies in wearing apparel just as we do back home. Blonde hair was definitely the thing for women  -  when we first arrived. The severe rationing system has somewhat curtailed their being fashionable  -  but a woman's ingenuity can't be subdued. The gov't is decidedly progressive & well balanced. Parties exist  -  but the people tend to rally behind the man  -  not his affiliation with a catchy, high sounding-party name. The language is easily understood now. My vocabulary has incorporated within it such as "fair-dinkum", "dinky-dye", "crook", "sheila", "bonzer", "digger", "choco", "cobber", "good-o", "whacks", "zak", "deener", "bob", and "florin". It's not uncommon to hear many of us use those words plus  -  lift, tram, lolly, fram, wireless, gramophone, and the like in our everyday conversing. I'm as adept at handling a trippence, thrippence, and ha' penny now as I was at manipulating dimes, nickels, or pennies. In my field of endeavor I've added, subtracted, & multiplied many shillings & pounds  -  but I'm afraid Dr. Grossnickle would cringe to see the methods I use to derive my figures. Comparable to the well-known juggling act, I'd say. Education, as gauged by our system is still a few years behind. Methods are strictly formal & traditional  -  with no regard for the individual differences which was drummed into our brains. As I see it  -  theirs' is strictly a matter of fitting the child to the school. Progressivism has been initiated in certain sectors but the outcomes are still in an embryonic stage. The physical aspects of their schools are not near our standards. Desks, lighting figures, blackboards, books, etc. are out-dated & the teachers won't hesitate to tell you so. While out in the "bush" I had the opportunity to teach a few classes in science. I dug into my old bag of Mr. Bruce's tricks & produced some experiments in electricity, magnetism, & explosions. Those 7[th] graders gobbled it up  -  literally speaking  -  to them  -  it was strange & yet wonderful to actually see & take part in things which they had here to forehand to eke out of books. Really an unforgettable experience for me. Yes  -  it's true I've been observing all this at an abnormal time, Mrs. Plenty. I believe innovations will be made in the schools here  -  as soon as the pressure lifts. Like the Americans  -  the Australians believe in moving in only one direction  -  "forward". There is no stopping them - as they are resolute and determined in anything they undertake. Evidence of this is in their fine showing in battle which has been exemplorary to all. Since August '43 our local stomping ground has been New Guinea. You may have often heard it being described as the place with luxuriant, verdant vegetation, full mooned nights, beautiful palms scraping metronomically etc  -  but I haven't been able to appreciate it in that aesthetic sense, Mrs. Plenty. The many pounds gained in Australia  -  have melted away fast & free. Coupled with my jaundiced complexion due to atabrine taking - & G.I. haircut makes for a totally different lad you once knew. On the whole  -  we boys have been able to endure these incessant rains, humid & stifling heat, gooey mud, mosquitoes, lizards, spiders & scorpions & other things in the category of uncomfortable  -  with a minimum of ill effects. One soon grows to like canned foods, powdered milk, eggs & potatoes, & hash. We close our eyes and dream of those piping, choice "vittles" which we remember as refusing too often. Since being in the medical dept I've have a taste of both the professional & administrative work concerned. I have finally settled on the administrative side of the fence. I've done laboratory & general hospital work, was 1[st] Sgt's assistant for over a year, acting 1[st] Sgt. for a number of months & now my daily tasks center around the personnel section of our organization. So far, I've tried to conduct myself in the manner taught me at school  -  i.e.  -  be observing, experience all you can profit by those experiences, capitalize on past mistakes, & always retain the flexible mind for utilization of constructive advice & criticism. It's a darned good formula, Mrs. Plenty  -  hope to get the right proportions to it in due time. Being able to understand men has been the greatest challenge to me. It's a great asset to have  -  not only in the Army  -  but in common everyday life. I shall never cease studying them. All this brings me up to tonight. And what a night! The skies are wide open  -  with the rain beating down in true 4/4 time. We were scheduled to see a motion picture in our outdoor theater  -  but Mother Nature made us think differently. Many of the boys are now in the recreation hut. Some are writing to loved one, others indulging in a bit of rummy or poker, a few listening to newscasts direct from Frisco or reading some book Reader's Digests or hometown sheets & the remaining of them reminiscing about life "back home" & the day's events. Harmony, fraternity, peace & quiet is the setting before me now. The average civilian has no concept of it. My correspondence list still continues to grow - & I don't regret it at all. It makes a man feel that somewhere at home some people still have a thought or two of him. Among those whom I'll write to over the weekend are Frank DeFino, Eddie Gildner, & Joe Greco  -  in the classmate group  -  then there's Dr. Dorms & Mr. Sloan who are "musts". I'd appreciate it very much if you were to give Dr. Vaughn-Eames my hearty thanks for the Service Men's News received regularly. Without it  -  I'd never know what has happened to the other lads. Also  -  Miss Thompson  -  for keeping me posted on quite a bit of N.S.T.C.'s goings on & events. That ends my little chat for tonight  -  Mrs. Plenty  -  It's been a pleasure spending this time with you. I believe it's been a little one sided though  -  with me doing all the speaking. Am looking forward to playing listener now. Regards to all the faculty  -  with special emphasis on Dr. Downs, Mr. Sloan, Dr. Vaughn-Eames, Miss Thompson, Miss Kain, Dr. Shea, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. French, Mrs. Bartlett, Miss Brooks, Mr. Dickey, Mr. & Mrs. D'Am, Miss Barber & the other grand persons who tried very hard to make me a good teacher. I'll do my all someday to try to justify their efforts. Hope to be able to see all of you again very soon. My warmest personal regards to you always, Mrs. Plenty. I'm sincere when I say that we boys shall never find all you fine citizens who spell "HOME". The best of everything to you & your boys.

Sincerely,

Charles
