Sun  -  March 26, 1944
New Guinea (with Rain)
P.S. Any similarity between this letter and "griping" purely intentional. Charlie.

Dear Mr. Sloan:

Have gratefully accepted your offer to lull one of your future classes to sleep. Will notify you in advance when I'm to show up  -  so that you may be able to forewarn your students. I'm afraid I don't have too many things which can be classified as exhibits, Mr. Sloan. With my jaundiced complexion; (due to alabrin(sp?) taking), short haircut et al  -  I may turn out to be the main exhibit. There are many things  -  ie  -  events, observations, impressions, which can be categorized as items of interest  -  that I'm certain will at least raise a drooping eyelash among the crowd. If those don't work  -  & your piano is handy  -  don't be startled if I baritone them with "Bless Em All", "Waltzing Matilda", or the Aussie favorite "'ang It on the Wall"  -  (a la Mr. French). After that  -  I'm not responsible.

Yes  -  I received your X-mas card (snowscene and all) plus your St. Patty's greeting, Mr. Sloan. Tho mailed at different times  -  both arrived the same day. Thanks for bringing to mind something which I vaguely remember  -  "snow." Haven't heard my heels crunching in some since Jan/42. Would gladly trade some of this melted variety for Jersey's "crystalized" rain  -  anyday. In fact  -  right now I'd settle for a ray of sunshine or two. Am full aware of what the "Doldrums" are within this section of the globe. All it meant to me in geography 202 was a "lot of air"  -  (have left out the adjective "hot"). This is literally speaking, of course, not figuritively. Will also be able to tell you first hand about "monsoons", the simple coconut and copra, the lovable lizard and his corhorts, the mountains (effects?), bush country (and the inevitable sheep) & the kid from Australia himself  -  the kangaroo. I have photos to prove that their hind legs aren't only used for locomotion. Joe Lewis couldn't pack a mightier wallop, Mr. Sloan. I', also in a position to state "never try to outrun an emu." I've learned quite a bit Count Fleet & his derby winnings  -  but this long legged bird would make the fastest horse look like one of Curby's.

This morning  -  at 2am  -  we reverted to Standard Time again. Couldn't figure out why we were on Day Light Saving Time anyhow. These mosquitoes are non-union and recognize not  -  the day shift & the swing shift as we mortals do. At any rate  -  we are now only 15 hours ahead of Eastern War Time  -  so at this writing (7 P.M.) I know my Sloan is being entertained by Morpheus - & I presume some of the students. This is by no means gauging their social life with mine, Gotliebs', Defino's, or Gilduers'. (You couldn't beat those red-leathered chairs in the Tudor Room for curing the weekend pulse.) 

New Guinea has convinced me of one thing, Mr. Sloan  -  Dotty Lamour pictures are "fakes". There are no "Lamorous" gals lurking behind every coconut palm & a full moon only comes around once a month - & stays a couple of days. You see it  -  if it's not cloudy and rainy  -  otherwise you "sweat it out"  -  as the typical G.I. puts it  -  till the ensuing month. Another thing I've discovered is that the song writer who wrote "June in January" wasn't kidding. They claim that seasons do prevail here  -  but so far all I've experienced are a bevy of June & July days  -  Jersey style. Coconut trees  -  to the tourists' eye  -  are a beautiful sight  -  so stately & majestic. But speaking from a practical angle  -  have you ever thought how pesky they can be? Palm fronds floating thru the air during a wind storm  -  can be pretty dangerous. A falling coconut does not discern between a man's "noggin" this soft mud when it comes to giving out with a loud thud  -  indicative of its' having found a resting place. (Excuse the cynical attitude, Mr. Sloan, maybe I'm prejudiced after what happened to me & and a descending coconut.) I'm really "fair-dinkum" and "dinky-dye" when I say thanks again for thinking of me. As for the girls who desire to come here to live  -  do remind them that N.J. was never like this  -  will you. My best wishes to you always  -  may I impart them personally someday. I'll never forget your simple philosophy of life, Mr. Sloan  -  "You can't beat a smile on your face and a song in your heart." Say hello to faculty and students.

Cordially,

Charlie
