Sat. June 24, 1944
New Guinea

Dear Miss Thompson:

You recall how this incourigible lad used to try to get to his class on time (by the second bell at least)  -  don't you? Haven't changed  -  have I? Honestly  -  your lengthy & chock-full-of-news letter of May 1[st] was indeed a booster of what is commonly called morale. This where my first two sentences make any kind of sense. It was received about 12 days ago  -  so to draw a parallel  -  I not only missed the second bell  -  but missed the entire class  -  so to speak  -  in so far as answering you in concerned. Since your varied experiences have dealt quite frequently with some fairly unbelievable reasons for tardiness - & Knowing your keen sense of detection being what it is  -  I don't think I'll offer any, Miss Thompson. I'll be truthful & make New Guinea it is culpable. `Tis a strange malady this New Guinea-itis  -  It's a mixture of laziness & never ending problems which manifests itself by making one actually allergic to 3 things  -  pen, paper, & thinking. Three  -  I have been a rather busy lad lately, Miss Thompson, but on the other hand I've also had my portion of diversion. My new position as a Sgt. Major manages to keep this mind of mine in tune as well as providing it with many challenging & stimulating situations. I find my past dealings in school & in the outside world very beneficial & highly applicable in many instances. I really owe you, the faculty & N.S.T.C. as a whole a world of thanks for the time expended in trying to make me better equipped to contend with the multitude of things that crop up  -  wherever it may be. Yes  -  I've been wrong many a time  -  however  -  I've always tried to use those occasions as opportunities for self betterment, Miss Thompson. Now on to the local chatter & patter from jungle way. Have a much better idea today of what Mr. Sloan was attempting to get into my skull re: monsoons. Rain is definitely the keynote to any day around these parts. Drying your laundered clothing is tantamount to performing a near miracle  -  while keeping yourself dry  -  approaches the impossible. One can never over-exagerate a rainy day in New Guinea. For the diversion I spoke about earlier  -  you can always find Charlie at the Blue Theater on a Sun Tues or Fri evening waiting to be carried away into the realms of the vicarious experience. By the way you can get a glimpse of our said Blue Theater in the Feb. 14 issue of Newsweek. That's if some student hasn't appropriated that particular issue, Miss Thompson. Before our screenings  -  two other men & myself  gave a resume of the day's news over our microphone system. Thanks to Dr. Vaughn- Eames speech class some of my words are discernable as they pour forth from the amplifiers. On Wed. evenings I'm usually engrossed in a Chinese class. Am learning to speak it to a degree  -  but I still have difficulty translating the spoken word when I hear someone else warbling it. The machinery is now in motion  -  whereby I might be able to conduct group discussions on current affairs & events. With all the surplus (??) time I'll have  -  I should be able to pen my wife, folks, & you staunch friends an occasional letter. The list of addresses you enclosed with your letter are now entered in my classmate section of the diary. Many of the boys have gone a long way in their respective fields of service & it sort of makes me throw my chest out a fraction more  -  When I utter to myself "That's my class!" Slowly but surely I have churned out U's to Gildner, DeFino, Gottlieb, Behrendt & Lyons. It's a good thing those boys don't get to meet often  -  For if they ever discussed my letters  -  they'd find them rather stereotyped. Ah  -  would that I were blessed with the literary skill of Mark Twain or a Mark Wellinger. (Quite a span there, what?) The Service Men's News have been finding me in this wilderness with regularity. Need I say  -  how each of them makes little puffs of nostalgia curl up in my mind? Miss the Reflector  -  tho'  -  very much so. Would sure appreciate a copy now & then, Miss Thompson. Celebrated my 2[nd] year overseas on the 19[th] of last month in a very sober fashion.  -  socially & "spirit"-ually speaking. The tiny birds tell me that some time soon  -  I may wake up some morning  -  while on the waters  -  peer out over the railing & see faint visions of the beloved Golden Gate Bridge. If & when I do  -  and I'm around Jersey way  -  one of my first social visits shall be at N.S.T.C. & especially the one section near the auditorium  -  which you enter by use of swinging door. Yes  -  I shall visit the place where I had  -  oh so many conversations much to Miss Thompson's chagrin (& Miss Lipson's) when I should have been partaking of the knowledge & wisdom resting between book covers. Regards to Miss Kane & faculty members with my warmest best wishes to them always. Say "hello" to the students for me  -  with hopes that I might meet some of them personally very soon. To Miss Thompson  -  my humblest apologies for a very staccato & incoherent letter  -  which I vow to make up for when I get back. You shall always be included in all my fond memories of never to be forgotten N.S.T.C.

Cordially & sincerely  -  Your "Pecks Bad Boy"

Charlie



