V-MAIL

To: Miss Thompson
c/o Newark State Teacher's College
Newark, N.J.
U.S.A.

From: S/Sgt. Charles DiPace
174[th] Station Hospital
APO 928  -  c/o Postmaster
San Francisco, Calif.

#I

Wed  -  April 12, 1944

New Guinea

Dear Miss Thompson:

Like the lad who came into your class a half hour late  -  I too have that guilty, sheepish look on my face. But his facial expression was due to his being in the Tudor Room playing gin-rummy  -  while mine is due to the fact that altho' I am in the jungle I still had some time in which to answer your V which arrived 2 (1/2) weeks ago. For that I deserve a scolding so I'll consider myself the recipient of one Miss Thompson. (The type I'd get when I forgot the speaker for Kappa Delta Pi or the Library Council.) Really tho'  -  there isn't a day that creeps by wherein I don't recall some nostalgic event associated with Newark State. At the present I'm thinking of how beautiful the sunken garden must look now with dabs of green scattered here & there  -  by the flagpole  -  near the lover's seat & other familiar places. Also clearly visible  -  are the dogwood trees which flank the Tudor Room & Mr. Ness' inkshop  -  respectively. Yesterday it was the Spring Festival  -  the other day a basketball season  -  last week, the Friday club periods. I think of everything but the final exams. Only natural  -  don't you think? Received a letter from Frank DeFino last week informing me that he is also a member of the "G.I." South Pacific clan now. Ever since Ed Gildner took up Chinese he doesn't bother writing an old buddy anyore. As for the other lads from the class  -  If I had their addresses I'd pen them a hasty sentence or two pronto, Miss Thompson. Can you do me that favor of sending me some such addresses? Would appreciate it no end. You have undoubtly have hear or read about the present ration policy in effect in this part of the globe. Tho' I have no definite information on it as concerning me directly  -  I'm still walking around with my digits crossed. It'd give me great pleasure to swing thru' those library doors again this year. Since back I have more things on the brain  -  will greet you once more in No. 2. / Charlie


#2

Before I go any farther  -  let me say that your X-mas card arrived yesterday. I didn't think I was that hard to find  -  but it's evident that I was in this case. It reminds me of a stanza of a poem written by one of the lads here  -  which goes something like this, "Somewhere in New Guinea where the mail is always late, where a X-mas card in April is considered up to date". Very apropos, what? It's a good thing that poetic expression is considered the expression rather than the rule, Miss Thompson. We'd be veritable "sad sacks" were the opposite true. Has your sleuthing brought to light who the culprite were responsible for your camera's disappearence? That's "playing commando" a bit too far in my estimation. No doubt  -  in your estimation also. I've always meant to send you a few snapshots of me & environment, Miss Thompson, but somehow all I have taken have found their way to the little woman. There is one roll which I've sent out for developing a month ago, which is due back any day now. I promise to send a few down your way, Miss Thompson. None of the pin-up variety  -  I guarentee you. As the cohorts say, "I am not yellow enough to be a Jap and too ugly to be Chinese." No self deprication inteded. But I will vouch for the fact that this DiPace lad "ain't what he used to be". Nothing that few days in Jersey couldn't cure tho'. Motion pictures still continue to be our chief source of diversion with reading a close second. (Card playing not too far behind.) The majority of my pursuings have been restricted to my Army work  -  but once in a while I digest a Reader's Digest  -  or get to some fiction & non-fiction. Have been reading "Song of Bernadette" & "Burma Surgeon" simultaneously this past week. Both very good. The time piece says 10:30 Miss Thompson & the charge of quarters says "lights-out". Regards to all of the faculty & students. Will bring you a souvenier when I get back. Warmest best wishes  -  Still - Charlie
