Sat  -  Dec. 18[th], 1943
New Guinea

Dear Miss Thompson:

Am attempting a very difficult feat  -  that of trying to answer your letter of 11/17 - & Keeping up a running conversation with the cohorts in my hut. We're really running the gamut of conversation too, Miss Thompson  -  having started out with what we plan to do when we see the U.S.A. again, then jumping to the various tropical diseases peculiar to this part of the world & now we're on food. You knew we G.I.'s couldn't keep away from that subject. At the present hamburgers & onions are leading (with "ketchup") and apple pie a la mode is a close second. Pure wishful thinking, Miss Thompson  -  guess we'll have to be contented with C Ration, bully beef, dehydrated potatoes etcetera. Now for your letter  -  not to forget the very clever & novel Christmas greeting that accompanied it. Talk about nostalgia  -  I was enshrouded in it  -  like a veil of nightfall. Seeing those familiar portals, the Tudor Room, Mr. Sloan as Santa, the sunken garden, Lehner at the X-mas dance of '41 with John Russo in the background, & to top it all Miss Kain, Mrs. D'An, Dr. Shaffer, & Mrs. Enny. That was too much for me to absorb in one gulp, Miss Thompson  -  believe ME. Think your service map and scroll a grand piece of work. Made me stick my chest out to see that solitary single flag flying over Australia and my name with #24 after it on the roster. Quite a thrill, Miss Thompson, to know that we boys have a solid backing in the form of you wonderful people at the college. I've hung the map on the wall of the hut and each time I pass it by these 20/20 orbs of mine take on a brighter gleam. You can also see "pride" spelled all over my atabrine hued face. Speaking of my skin color of the moment  -  the boys say "I'm too ugly to be a chinaman & not yellow enough to be a Jap." Take it from there, Miss Thompson. By the way  -  have you ever had the opportunity to hear that Jap propoganda program called "Tokyo Calls"? We tune it in our shortwave about 3 times weekly and the "hash" they sling reeks of the highly distorted mind. They're so sweat  -  play us "Home Sweet Home", & "White Christmas"  -  then tell us how nice it would be back home with our loved ones. If they for one moment think they're demoralizing us then they'd better wrap their tails around those trees just one more time, Miss Thompson. All the boys have but one objective in mind - & that is to put those "sons of heaven" back where they belong with the rest of the skunks and monkeys. (May god forgive me for the strong flow of words, Miss Thompson.) It was grand hearing all about some of the boys & the various niches they've carved themselves in their respective pursuits. If at all possible, Miss Thompson, could I have a few of the boys' addresses  -  you know  -  Brooks, Ford, Lorusso, Gelbond, Buchner, Lyon, Doherty, Junison, Parks etc al? I sure would enjoy writing to them and exchanging bits of G.I. gossip. And should Jekowski, Hill, Finker, & Lehner ever show their faces again would you "kinda" whisper in their ears that one of their lonely classmates is deeply entrenched in these New Guinea jungles, and that he would appreciate seeing their familiar hieroglyphics on a sheet of paper again? This is my 19[th] month overseas now, Miss Thompson & if it weren't for these letters, newsettes, & papers from the home front I'd feel like a virtual Rip Van Winkle. I still have that "do or die" spirit which N.S.T.C. imbued me with, in that I haven't given up hopes of stepping off that gangplank with bars on. It's a pretty tough situation in these parts, as you can well imagine Miss Thompson, but I feel inside that I can make it someday. Tho' I can't send any coconuts or Jap souveniers to bedeck your tree with I can atleast send you warmest & sincerest appreciations & thanks coupled with my heartiest best wishes for a happy Christmas and victorious New Year. Before I leave I must pay my respects to all the swell faculty from the 3[rd] floor to the lower corridor. Whenever you can steal away from that knowledge hungry mob  -  pen me another of your scintillating letters, Miss Thompson. Can never forget you & N.S.T.C.

As ever,

Charlie
