                                                     Somewhere in North Africa
                                                             February 19, 1943
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson:
			I was worried for a while, but then found out that the mail has been blocked somewhere, thus the delay. Received your most welcomed letter of Dec. 20th the other day. MissSmith has written not so long ago and has mentioned you people and your work and how busy you have been . I can readily understand that after reading your interesting letters and the wonderful gift you have sent to us who are in the service,never to be forgotten. Many is the day that I like to look through the photocase and look back to those wonderful school days.
			By this time the seniors are in their practicum centers doing their respective jobs,and doing it well. War or no war,education must never stop. I remember not so very long ago when one of the men in House of Lords,discussed education now and after the war in Great Britain. It's interesting to note that it is an important issue for discussion.
			Whether we're here or back in the states everyone is doing their share what is expected of them. This campaign is moving fast,as you can see. Our next move has everyone guessing,where..how..will we strike. Victory seems to be nearer to us than ever before,but there's still a great deal of work and sacrafice before final and lasting peace can be had. Having read some interesting letters from, home, cars, coffee, sugar seem to by gones for a while. And everybody is taking it nicely..that's the American spirit.
			No, I still haven't come across any of our bots around here, but id I should be fortunate enough  ,I8ll make most of our get together. There are so many uniforms around you,wherever you go. Though they represent different countries nevertheless they are all fighting for the same cause.
	Here I am on this second sheet and am practically at lost as what to say. Not so very long ago I had the opportunity of visiting an American Soldiers Cemetery..a beautiful place for those that gave up their lives for our Country. A brief description..on a sloping hillside overlooking a large city toward the beautiful Mediterrean are those white crosses row by row surrounded by great cypress trees. Some of our buddies are buried there. I shall never forget that day when they were buried and honored, given a full military funeral. Those taps...made your spine shiver.
	And now to skip to something unbelie veable...the CQ blew his whistle, time to get up,with an aroma of doughnuts floating all over camp. Ah ,what a morning,who wouldn't want to get up. That was a treat,just like back home.
	It's those little things that we don't forget around here,something really to remember. If I had to mention every small incident that has happened here it would take a lot of paper. So I'll save some of it when I get home. I am looking forward to Soldiers' News. I'd like to know what's happening to some of the boys.
	In closing may I thank everyone who has cooperated in making such a grand success forthat wonderful photocase for us fellows. I know that you had a lot to do with it Miss Thompson,thanks again. Au revoir.
                                                                    As ever			
                                                                        Chet		

