                                                               Sept. 30  -  43
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson:
	The days pass by too quickly  -  or is it just my imagination. For I remember vividly the day I visited you people for those few momentous hours. My second trip overseas, except it wasn't going to be just a pleasure trip. In a way it was  -  that is the boat trip  -  who would ever dream of sailing on the Queen Mary. I've had my chance  -  with all sorts of experiences encountered and well chalked up. England in the autumn, Africa in the four seasons, it didn't cost much (but oh pity the taxpayers) C'est la guerre, they say. As I look back + review the past, it hasn't seemed so gloomy after all. I can word it in just a few words; it was a lot of fun. Even though there were some dark moments  -  but the crisis passed + here we are. We have only the present and the future to look to  -  it's comparatively a small thing now to what it has been. 
	Enclosed you will fund a few snapshots of those cold, muddy days we've spent. They give you a good idea about what we went through the invasion  -  the Meadowbrook is there also, of course not as beautiful as the one we have back home  -  nevertheless it meant everything to us out here. I had hoped yo send those pictures a long time ago but censorship was rough, it has relaxed, that is for a few African pictures. I have a few more negatives that I will print of recent date, I know you will enjoy them. Confidentially, a few fellows + myself got a "brilliant" idea in going into the photographic work. So for our pictures have turned out fairly well, it lessens the cost, as we are trying to save money. When that day of victory is announced, at least this fella is going to have something to fall back on, to complete his education, that has priority over everything else.
	Such is the life of a "dogface" in these parts  -  his constant worries of getting mail  -  his constant complaining of food, (if only I could taste some of moms cooking) his thoughts of his love ones. His comradeship with the other fellows, living under the same conditions + helping one another. Some day when we get back to civilian life it'll be a lot of fun recalling these days. Which brings me to the end of this sheet, a short + sweet au revoir, God bless you + do write.	As Ever		Chet
