[Note: Golden Eagle from the Great Seal embossed on top center.]

                                                     Somewhere in North Africa
                                                                  Feb. 1, 1943
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson:

	Another new month is here,and more progress is seen. I don't know how to express my appreciation for the perfect gift you people have sent me. The photocase is wonderful, it's very handy to carry around and many is the time that I like to brag to the fellows about N.J.S.T.C. and the times we use to have. Now I have evidence to prove what I had said. I have also received a copy of the New Yorker which the Cafeteria "gang" has sent me. The book has been going through hundreds of hands and everyone reading it has found satisfaction.
	I'm sorry to inform you Miss Thompson that your gift has not arrived, however I still have my fingers crossed. The "Meadowbrook" was our home for a short time, (confidentially we didn't pay our rent and so unfortunately we were thrown out) ha, ha, . All kidding aside it was due to "circumstances" that prevented our living there for some time. "C'est la guerre" as the French say it, one can'T Remain in one place too long especially now that we have the Axis on the run, and some run at that.
	Everybody around here seems to be book conscience, every book,available is read ,and so are newspapers,although they are old nevertheless they're from the states and are more than welcomed. I am looking forward to the Service Mens News egarly. 
	About finding some of our lost buddies and friends here in North Africa is like looking for a needle in the haystack. I never figured Africa to be that large. At home if you want to meet some of your lost friends all you have to do is go to New York and stand on the corner of 42nd St. and Times Square.
	Enclosed you will find some pictures that I have taken with my camera. They tell a vivid story,so there's need for me to go into details until I should some day come Home . You have asked me if I wanted something. There's one thing I need that I can't get here for the love of money..film Kodak 620 Verichrome, I beleive Mr. Richmond should have some, lets hope so.
		I am also sending you a poem "A SOLDIERS THOUGHTS" which I thought deserves merit.
		I've heard about the strict rationing back in the states,but I'm sure that the American people can take it, why look at our wonderful little record for our first year in this war, A little more patience will bring quicker results and VICTORY. If the people could only see the faces of the French and the other refugees, they'd understand.
		I must end as I must go back to my job,never a dull moment around here. Am feeling fine,wish all of you at the college the best of everything.

                                                               Yours as ever		
                                                                        Chet		
