                                                                 May 16  -  44
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson:
		I finally managed to lassoe myself to some belated correspondence, the elements are against me, so it seems because I find myself like the natives  -  slow  + easy going, figure I've gor the duration plus six months to sweat out.
		Somehow I aught to feel happy. the first round has already begun  -  the much talked about rotation system has gone into effect  -  slowly and eventually we'll all be seeing the Grand ole lady of Liberty  -  what a night  -  what dream! We're all hoping to be first on the list  -  It's nearing two years for us, and we've been in combat long enough to get a rest and then see the other side of the world + give those yellow-livered ------- a little bit of hell, not saying that they're not getting any  -  for The Marines, and the others are doing a swell job  -  the more of us the merrier  -  give the monkey's hell  -  just like the Krauts are getting it.
	In between getting the fellows fixed up with chutes + flak suits and God knows what, I get my chance to fly around + see the country  -  the Krauts  -  imagine are for nothing; it's not bad at all being so close to Heaven, to those pearly gates when you over a heavily fortified target  -  "C'est la guerre".
	The longer a fellow stays over seas the more he's apt to do something out of the ordinary it may may sound a bit crazy  -  but after all we're happy doing it. For instance this: past Sunday, found me climbing the rocky, jagged cliffs of these high mountains  -  having no skill as a climber, I had my share of the experience  -  all I can say to that is that it get's you too dog-gone tired.
	It isn't worth it  -  or maybe it is.
	"Gold is where you find it", I recall their line, ye I can truthfully say that the panorama of the valley below with it's small village, + the church bell peeling [unknown symbol] for worshippers  -  it gave me a mysterious feeling I've never felt before. You wouldn't think that a war was actually going on. 
	Ah! the bright side of life is always enlightening  -  so why should I tell you of the morbid, no sense of feeling depressed  -  "C'est la guerre," + there's nothing he can do but live in it and take it for granted.
	It's got to such a stage that the FHA people would frown upon us "dog-faces", seeing us build ourselves brick casa's + villas, no more tents  -  we're going into a life of luxury. There's no place a fella could spend his money except in a poker game. With the summer heat hitting us well in advance  -  we took the warning for a cooler place.
	Experiencing the terrific African heat in a tent was deplorable ------- + no place to cool off. So seven of us got together, chipped in ten dollars a piece, contracted some natives, got the brick etc + now are having the new casa built. We haven't decided upon the name  -  in due time we will. Incidentally I was chosen to draw the plans for the new home  -  it looks like a spagetti factory, or a Barrack "St" style. Simplicity being stressed for comfort + financial reasons. T'is a good thing they don't have unions around here or we would find ourselves in quite a pickle. As soon as it is completed I will take a few snapshots + mail them to you. Naturally you'll notice the great improvement in this new casa over the "Meadowbrook" we built during the invasion of Africa.
	Gosh, I haven't noticed the people I've already filled, maybe it's because the better half of me has caused me to do this, not having written you in so long a time. Nevertheless the newspaper has been reaching me regularly  -  giving all the latest college news in brief. I certainly was glad to hear from all the friends.
	A few days ago I have sent to you a collection of enlargements that I made with my home made enlarger The pictures vary from African scenes to the Sardinian. Since they came out so well, I decided to send them to you, so that you can paste them in mounting boards with the titles + exhibit them in the library. I know you will enjoy seeing them. I'm getting to be a bug on photography out here, the Co's been swell to me giving me the opportunity in doing some of this work.
	If after a while you'ld be through exhibiting the prints, would it be asking too much if you can send them to my former high school to exhibit them there. Mrs. Olga [1 word illegible], of the Art Dept. would surely appreciate this. The address is to the Garfield High School, Palisade Ave, Garfield, NJ. Thank you ever so much for doing this bit of favor. Mrs. Smith + Dr. Vaughn-Eames have written me, enclosing a snapshot of the entire Cafeteria staff, telling me all about the new improvements going on and all the latest news that wasn't included in the newspaper. It's grand hearing from all of you, you've been grand to me, this I shall never forget. I'm looking forward to that day when I shall invade the College and especially the "ice-box", in the cafeteria.
	The best of luck to all, am looking forward to your letters.
                                                           	Au revoir mes amis
                                                                          Chet


