                                                     Somewhere in North Africa
                                                                 Nov. 29 -42		
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson + Friends:
	Believe it or not but I've moved again. You've probably read + heard all about us here in North Africa. I came with the idea that it was going to be warm but having consulted a map, I can see why we have this weather. Besides the mountains are around us. I hope you can cipher my handwriting as I'm writing with English ink on African soil, no more luxuries as at home. I've never seen so much mud in all my life, + living in it makes it twice as bad. There are four of us in a prep tent, with straw for a bed, a candel for light during the nights where we love to sing the good ole American songs, while a Cpl. Strela plays on his accordions. So you see we do find some time to have a get together. At first we had to prepare our own meals over the camp fire, it all sounds wonderful but then try to live on your own cooking, really it's my heating cans + eating the contents. However we were fortunate in bartering with the Arabs for fresh eggs or oranges, now + then.
	I shall never forget the first day we came here, marching through the city streets while the Frenchmen, Arabs, + Moslems looked at us in bewilderment. When we stopped for coffee + hard tacks, those of us who understand a little French were fortunate in carrying on a correspondence. It seems as though we are liked wherever we go, one reason, we're generous back with cigarettes + candy, + that goes big even in England; there too we're a happy go lucky Yanks. It's Viva Americans, everywhere.  There may be some animosity shown somewhere in the city by the natives, but then as soon as they understand what the real reason for our coming here is, they'll be cordial toward us. I've never seen people drink wine as the French, it's a good thing that we're a coffee drinking nation.
	As for fear, there's really nothing to be afraid of execpt  the various dreaded disease that linger around camps. Being that water is a scarce + a vital necessity, we can't keep as clean as we did back in the states, soon we'll look like the Arabs minus the regalia.
	Never was I more contented + happy than today when someone shouted mail, we all ran towards the mailman. I was fortunate in receiving two Vmails, yours being one of them. They were written the 20[th] of Oct + I received them the 29[th] of Nov, they certainly did travel. Your letter was most interesting, + when I read about my classmates going into service I took out my memorabilia and see who are the remaining few at the college. I really can't express my feelings, what your letter has created in me. I like the idea of the little sisters writing to us. No, I shan't forget you Miss Thompson, for being so kind + considerate; I shall keep on writing to you as always until my people supply runs out.
	Before I close this letter I'd like to send greetings to all, Len. V. Eames, [Norms?], Mrs. Smith, + [Captain]; Fine Arts, Miss Acton, Miss Browne, Mr. Richmond, Mr [Hatch?] + faculty. And please remember me to the Library staff, including Miss Kain, Dr. Shaffer, Miss Ewald, Miss [Denny?] + all who I've missed.
	Africa may be all right be give me home any day. I hope to see all of you real soon, as soon as we get this thing over. Please write whenever you find time, as letters are a God-send here.

                                                                 Yours as ever
                                                                          Chet
P.S. Made Staff Sargeant
in England
