                                                                Aug. 23  -  43
                                                                  North Africa
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson,
	Found a little time on my hands to see what the Romans did to Carthage. Seeing is beleiving  -  it was once that proud Carthage situated on a hilly terrain with some land plateau extending beyond it and once main buildings of it's noteworthy citizens facing the blue waters of what is now the Bay of Tunis  -  there's nothing left  -  except crumbled rocks a few marble pillars  -  a few mosaics that once covered the floors of the wealthy. The acquaduct is well preserved, so are the water dug-outs for storing water during the dry seasons. The collusieum and amphitheater still had a faint resemblance of that great past  -  beyond the hills where the famous battles took place, one can only find Arabs living here and there, tending their herds  -  vineyards galore  -  for Carthage today is noted for it's wines.
	With the tourist trade gone  -  maybe! this place is visited by many Americans. Though cars are extinct in these parts as the buildings of that gallant era, the "hackie", comes to the rescue  -  including an Arab who claims he's an authority on the history of Carthage  -  for 25 francs he'll take you to six important ruins. Visiting the various ruins with profound interest, it gets rather tiresome  -  the hot sun beating over you  -  and then too the dry, monotone colored ruins, have no appeal to anyone who is looking with great interest in a colorful setting of that great past.
	And who would think that added to the ruins of yesterday  -  we have the ruins of today  -  yes, Tunis, one of the cities so heavily bombed. Except there will be a difference in the two ages. Tunis will rebuild itself  -  whereas Carthage was destroyed to the level of the ground, never again to rise.
	If we stay overseas any longer and visit many countries  -  this fellow is going to study history from experience, seeing the things that were recorded for the future.
	Of the large cities of North Africa, Algiers has appealed to me because it was so modern  -  european, and so clean. Beyond the city limits, is the famous Casbah that we we heard + seen in the picture "Algiers" or "Pepe le Moko". Yes, the Casbah, the forbidden city of to the white man. With it's high wa;;s and many gates guarding this Arabian city  -  one can get a good look from the hills nearbly  -  the narrow white buildings  -  blistering in the African heat. Children + elders in rags  -  squirming around, selling, bartering for their life's existance. Goats and cows parading everywhere  -  filth, stench + poverty, describes them the best. The great change is noted of the Arab living in the great city  -  for they are clean  -  the men with their Fez's, women covered with except for their eyes - + no man dare look up to them. Walking near the beautiful built boulevard overlooking the harbor, one can spot a soul man, the Arab fortune teller  -  a little further up in the native quarters where white men can still pass  -  sights of interest can be seen  -  the Arab orchestra  -  mostly reed music with some percussion, the native dances, men sitting in squat like pastimes enjoying their small cups of coffee, for women it's no place + enjoying their entertainment.
	We've been mislead too often by Hollywoods' pictuirzations of these parts. According to them  -  it's a romantic place  -  it's foreign (true I'll agree on that) + very mystifying. A picture may be very colorful  -  but the eye doesn't miss a thing and records that same picture with a little bais opinion. In this little paper I've just given you my opinion  -  some perhaps may differ  -  but I'm sure that the majority will agree  -  that they'd take home any day and forget this place. It's a great experience being here, it gives us that much more to long for our country  -  it's worth fighting for. Sincerely
									Chet
