[Note: Top right contains USO logo of blue and red shield. Bottom of page contains in bold red the phrase "IDLE GOSSIP SINKS SHIPS."]
                                                                   320 Bomb Gp
                                                                  444 Squadron
                                                          Lakeland Air Base #2
                                                                Lakeland, Fla.
                                                                Aug. 29  -  42
                                                                              
Dear Mrs. Thompson:
	I received your most interesting letter the other day and am rather perplexed at the questions that may have risen in the your mind. I'm sorry if I had given you the wrong picture of myself. You see we must comply with camp rules and regulations and are under the watchful eyes of our officers. It is evident that no one can work fourteen hours a day and not find any relaxation. We soldiers try to paint our experiences as vividly as possible, so that the folks at home wouldn't suspect us of our long for "home rule", to live once again the life we were accustomed to. I hate to bring this "touchy" subject up, but I am as well confess now and feel free.
	Ever since we left MacDill Field, we were put on the alert, with now days off, no passes to exceed over twenty four hours to any soldier or officer and no FOUR FORLOUGHS TO any one. It hit us hard, like one of Orson Wells' programs some time ago.
	Naturally we tried to remain as cool as possible, knowing there was nothing to do but go ahead and perform our necessary tasks. We did try to be happy, finding a few diversions in our spare moments. To make matters worse, we've been losing more ships than expected and more serious accidents than anticipated. However this was never reported to the public at large because of that one word "morale". All this was nerve racking and yet we were able to face it. That was one sign that proved to the upper heads that we were ready for "active duty". The little time we found to ourselves was either spent in town at the U.S.O. or in camp. The towns folk were kind to us, inviting us to dinners + dances + outings. Southern hospitality has once again proven its reality to us northerners who couldn't find it for some time.
	True we love to dance, sing, eat + meet people, yet in our minds ar are pure thoughts as we know that we have left our love ones to do our duty for our beloved country And not to destroy its perpetual freedom it has given us. It's people like you that give the soldier a brake + support. And we do know your kindness, generosity to such causes as the US.O and various other organizations you have helped to give us these facilities on our off duty. Nowhere can a lost soldier in a strange town find entertainment as in here.
 	As I'm writing this letter my thoughts linger homeward to the folks at home, friends + school chums  -  Luckily I still have my year book, which I gaze at daily, wondering were most of the boys are, the girls + the faculty. Your organization in school, the faculty and student body are doing a magnificent job in helping to keep us soldier in touch with the going ons at the college. I know, for one, I appreciate the interest you have taken in corresponding with me and letting me in on all the news from school.
	This letter seems a trifle to long, but I believe it'll probably be the last long letter before the censors get. it. All that I've said has finally come to a climax- yes, at last we are prepared to leave our country and do our duty where it is expected of us. And I assure you that we will fight until "Victory is Ours". Our bombardment group is under the leadership of Brig. Gen. Jimmy Doolittle the "Ace of the Tokio Raid". We are proud to work under a man who has shown his leadership.
	And so as the evening tides come to an end, I too, shall have to end with a hearty farewell, remembering well the friends I have left behind at grand "ole N.J.S.T.C., those happy smiles of the faculty  who never said no to anyone but chipped in and worked in the various projects given by the organizations.
	I hope the new title (rank) will not blemish my name as the Sgts. Are supposed to be tough) Before I end I'd like to give you my new address, I believe we'll leave sometime this week.
	However I wouldn't write to it unless you you have received a card from me saying that we have finally moved.

	Sgt. Chester Kuziora 32243949
	444 Bomb Sq. 320 Bomb Gp (M)
	A.P.O. 3070
	c/o Postmaster
		New York City, N.Y.

I do hope this letter will not be too boring. Best of luck to all of you.

                                                                     Sincerely
                                     Chet
