[Note: Top right contains USO logo of blue and red shield. Bottom of page contains in bold red the phrase "IDLE GOSSIP SINKS SHIPS."]

[Note: Given language in letter Kuziora, Chester, Date Unknown 2 this letter precedes that letter.]
                                                                              
                                                           Tuesday Eve. Sept15
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson:
	I've just come out from the movies, having seen "The Pied Piper" or something similar to that title. Seems as though the work at the field has us so confused that we cannot think straight. To go back to the story it was first evening of relaxation. You're probably wondering why I haven't left  -  many military reasons  -  which I can't discuss even if I did know. If only people would stop discussing troop or ship movements, we may accomplish many things in half the time. We've been kept busy constantly, I shall not discuss the contents of the procedure that followed through all these days  -  but the main reason stood in the limelight "we were + are on the beam [bean?]."
	However I do expect to be around the metropolitan Area soon. I'll try my best to get a few days off + see all of you people. I understand that school commences around the 23rd .
	Last Friday, I had my first day off  -  so I decided to go to the Cypress Gardens + Bok Tower. I really was impressed with the beauty of Florida as previous to my visit, I had underestimated the grandeur of the state  -  except for a few incidental places. The afternoon was spent swimming in a swell pool, with a service club dance during the evening. That one day was a long one  -  full of entertainments no worry or a care. I wouldn't mind getting there regularly, but then that asking for too much.
	Enclosed you will find a snapshot what we boys are prepared for  -  a lot of fun + work. It's swell fun to don on all that equipment and fly a few thousand feet up. Getting use to height + safety at the same time. I must close now as there's a party going on here at the U.S.O. and I'd like to join in. Best Wishes to you Miss Thompson and give my regards to all.	Chet
