S/sgt. Chester Kuziora 32243949
444 B Sq 32o B Gp. (M)
APO 520

[Note: Header at the top. Red Cross above words "American Red Cross." Quote at bottom of page from the Charter of the American National Red Cross. Bottom right reads that pages are part of "Form 539A."]

                                                     Somewhere In North Africa
                                                                  May 20 -43		

Dear Miss Thompson and Friends:
	What jubilant, gala week of celebrating  -  now that we can put word "finis" to the African Campaign. Words can't describe our elation over this quick victory. It was a tough fight  -  but we won + that's what counts.
	No we're not stopping for any parades  -  kisses + tributes. That time will come when we achieve that "final victory". At the present moment we're giving our enemy a hell of a beating, that in their broadcasts they finally admit damages being done.
	Yes, no one is sleeping around here. The morale is still high. the heat is one thing that is getting us. And with the flies + mosquitoes diving in swarms makes the situation most irritable.
	We've been having some fun with the British Tommies (great fighters),  They would prepare the national beverage (tea) + give us some. And I swore (in England) that I would not touch another drop but it seems this "tea" idea is getting me. We (Americans) on the other hand have been fêteing them with hot and cold chocolate.
	One should be here to listen to the stories about the campaign  -  though much isn't mentioned about the tough situation, everyone has some humorous stories to tell. And so our "bull sessions" go way into the night.
	It makes one want to laugh at the Italians who came in droves to give up. They liked the Yanks  -  so they say.
	All in all everything is going about as smoothly as circumstances permit. Now that they fellows have more time on their hands  -  they've got that certain feeling in getting that "unearned increment", a few sizeable games of "Black Jack" + Poker can be seen almost everywhere. I must admit my horse didn't come in today. Must try again tomorrow.
	And as the days go by our minds race homeward to ma's apple pie + home cooked meals  -  ah woe is me! what about an automobile ride, now that spring is here + a young man's fancy ------. Those days are gone for a long time, but not forgotten.
	My patience is weakening -  no mail for two months  -  has anything happened to the lines of communication? However there is still a ray of hope left, being that I still have friends.
	With everyone moving about areas are getting conjested with soldiers. I had hoped in coming across some lost friends but all is in vain. Perhaps there may be a better chance when we get to Berlin  -  that'll be a place to hold a celebration "Yanks in Berlin" sounds good eh!
	I hope that my next letter to you will come from Berlin. We've got a good chance to finish this job sooner than expected.
	I must say that Sherman is right when he said "War is Hell. 
	Good luck to all
			Chet 
