                                                                   April 5- 44
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson:
	No doubt by this time you have given me up for lost, seemingly I too would agree but this is another story.
	I do feel guilty for not having written to you sooner, but like a jumping  -  jack, always on the go it was rather difficult to sit down and write a letter. I realize now that I'm in a dog-house with most of my friends, unless I can show them that I was in the right for a change.
	Time marches on! so they say, another season ushered in, and here we are and there we go, moving about and seeing the world. I still have yet to see Napoleon's birth place before embarking on to Hitlers hiding place. Not so very long ago we celebrated in a modest way our eighteen months overseas, toasting for another six to complete two years abroad. By the time we'll get back to the states, everything will seem foreign to us, we'll be like the kids in England who don't know what bananas taste like nor ice-cream; what electric lights are or were. It's going to be fun. We've been "sweating out" (soldiers' lingo for "waiting") a furlough, but to no avail as an assured rest camp waits in the near future.
	It's going to be a damable summer  -  worse than Dante's "Hell", so they say!  -  and with mosquitoes, flies and scorching heat added to the miseries, we certainly will be fighting it all.
	Oh, for the life of a soldier! Receiving letters and the newspapers from you people is a blessing. It's grand knowing that all is going fine with you people. I sure would like to see you all and especially raid Mrs' Smith's ice-box! You probably heard about my recent visit to Tunis  -  what a changed city, after it was cleaned up from the debris caused by bombings etc. To see people dressed up and in a happy mood was a pleasure. We hated to go back but "C'est la guerre"  -  there was a job to be done  -  so we came back. To watch the expressionless faces of my tentmates I knew something was up. They had given us up for lost- at sea- mind you. Thought Davy Jones got us. Hadn't we returned that day, I'm afraid complications would have set in  -  it then occurred to me, the awfully tragedy that might have befelled the family back home.
	Experiences of all kinds are met  -  stories can be told by the hours  -  I'll leave all those for the day until I see you all.
Enclosed are a few snapshots taken a while back in Sardinia. There is nothing spectacular about these pictures  -  though they do depict the life of the people. A still scene here, a native all dressed in her very best, the daily routine, all so foreign to us that we taken notice of it. Also enclosed are two snaps og yours truly. Beleive it or not  -  in one of the snaps. I actually dressed up to like the picture  -  "C'est la guerre," no place to go calling to be dressed in your best out here.
	All's well out here  -  no complaints. Here's wishing you the very best at Easter time. Hope by next year we can all be together again.
	I received your swell birthday card upon my return from Africa. Thanks a million; for remembering a friend. Give my regards to all, and do write again and soon.
                                                            As Ever  -  Chet		
