   Chester Kuziora (F.A. 1943)

[Note: Header at the top. Red Cross above words "American Red Cross." Quote at bottom of page from the Charter of the American National Red Cross. Bottom right reads that pages are part of "Form 539A."]

                                                                     June 9-43
                                                                  North Africa
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson:
	In between bites from my cheese sandwich and the rippling rhythm of some bodies middling fingers on the piano; I thought I'd drop you a few lines after a silence of a few weeks, here at the Red Cross.
	Since most of the "big activity" came to a sudden end here in North Africa - + rejoicing still continues, buddies meet buddies, friends meet friends after all these long months. And then to look on those faces of the prisoners who march the streets to their last destination, being bullied + given the Bronx cheer by the inhabitants is a sight to witness.
	Sometime ago found me complaining of the terrific African heat  -  but I'll retract that statement momentarily. Being as I am still in the convalescent hospital; I find time to exercise my body to full advantage (doctor's orders in swimming in the blue Mediterrean. The beach reminds one of the famous shoreline of Jersey + especially the resorts except that instead of finding beauties parading to and fro, one need but take one look and see multitudes of soldiers, sun-bathing, + diving into those huge rollers coming into shore. The homes facing the sea are modern in all respects  -  casinos, cafes  etc, making one think he is at the Riviera in France. I look like one of the Arabs, finally tanned  -  nearly black from the sun's rays  -  but then I don't mind. May as well get rested up + toughened for the next "big show", wherever it should be.
	Everything is going fine around here that it reminds one of the states. Soldiers all around you  -  Americans, French, English, Poles etc. With work comes play + so everyone is kept happy.
	Our social life, if you may call it that centers around the Red Cross Clubs, similar to the U.S.O's back home. They're doing a splendid job for us fellow like. At the hospital they gave us what the army didn't have. You've got to hand it to this famous worthy organization.
	The folks back home may think that we have no interest in the happenings of our city + country's happenings + current events  -  This may surprised you, that our opinion in regard to the strikes at home that have been going on incessantly against our wishes. It seems that the folks back home don't realize that there's a war going on. Anything of that kind is a hinderance to the war effort and victory - + also it should be considered treason under the circumstances. This is no time to stop when materials are needed so urgently. Our feelings here amount to but one thing: if people like to strike we'll gladly exchange places with them + let them have a try at the invasions, bottles + "C" rations, beleive you me they'll get a good inkling of war in their veins.
	I hope I haven't expressed myself to belligerently  -  it's only the feeling around these parts.
	Aside from all this, there's really nothing new going on. My chief complain lies in the mail situation. Three months have gone by and no mail. I'm still hoping for a miraciles to happen. Do write.
                                                                    Sincerely,
                                                                          Chet
