                                                                     England		
                                                                  Nov.3, 1942	
Dear Miss Browne:

	Greetings from England. Am glad to report that we landed here safely. Meant to write to you sooner, but as it was, having arrived in a foreign country, everything was new to me. Despite the fact that I've been in England some dozen years ago when I was just a knee high to a grasshopper, there was so much to see and learn. The first thing was the money situation, it took me some time to get used to the English pennies and shillings.  Then came the bicycles and riding on the left side of the road. After a few minoraccidents with bruised shins I managed to stay on the left side. Somehow I still have a yearning for the right. We were greeted royally by the British -- "The Yanks Are Coming", and all that excitement. After three years of war, the first I've noticed was the smile on people's faces. Their thumbs are up because they know that victory is theirs. We saw some of the bombed areas, which made us all feel sick at the sight. However the ruins are being cleared away and new homes are being built. Where there's hope, there's a will, so goes the saying and very true indeed. Another observation added to our collection is the tea situation. Tea is served like coffee in the states. If I had my choice, it would still be good American coffee. However, I did notice in today's paper where you people are rationed the national beverage to one cup a day. And I had the habit of drinking at least three cups for breakfast. Being in the service and getting your coffee with your meals without any worrying about being rationed is a god-send. Thanks to you people who make it possible; its through your sacrifice that we can get those things.

	During my spare moments I tour the various villages and cities looking over the old streets and homes, abbeys and sculpture. As cameras are prohibited and I dont have my water colour set with me, it irks me, because there are so many beautiful subjects around. Being that the time element is so very important and so short there isn't much one can do. A walk to the village pub where all friends meet for a glass of bitters; a song played on an old piano, by one of the service men keeps everyone in a merry mood. You may think that there isnt much doing around here; the newspapers give the story. We cant. War is hell and in this one everyone suffers, the young and the old, the civilian and the forces. But the light is beginning to shine, superiority is ours, it wont be long before that day will come when some of us will be back and start where we left off, but also thinking of the future and preparing ourselves for a greater security, so that another crisis will not take place in another twenty years. I shant go any further as I'm out of words. May this letter find you in the best of health. And please give my regards to all.

                                  Sincerely,
                                       
P.S. Do write						Chet					


