                                                                    Oct 21- 43
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson  -  
	A few hours of tranquility  -  a good time indeed to answer some back mail. It seems as though we live and are awake through all hours of the day. It's no novelty to us to be awakened in the wee hours of the morning, to get our ships ready for their mission. There just isn't any time to be sleepy - let's just take a typical morning when we're alerted for a mission. The Charge of quarters has the "priviledge" of getting us up with by blowing his whistle or horn on the jeep at the unearthly hour of three-thirty. It does take a little time to look around for one's clothing. Since we're so far away from the mess hall  -  we have to use our jalopy. I pity those fellows that try to sneak in a few extra shut eyes before getting up  -  as our "lizzy" makes more music than the traffic jam in any of our cities put together. Breakfast is eaten in complete darkness  -  much to tour regret + cooks content. We have a name for them out here  -  "dog robbers", as they are known in the circles of the "soldats". Time is too precious to waste  -  we're on our way to the ships. Each man has a specific job to do. All is timed like a show back in the states. The combat crew have arrived from their briefing, in no time the planes are warmed up, the signal given, the ships begin to move into flying positions. It's a sight to see. The ground personel are hoping their ship will fly & not come back because of some minor trouble. The finale comes when all the ships have left the ground and are flying in formation going toward their target.
	Worry comes when the ships are due to arrive. All sorts of questions come up before the crew chiefs + their men. Have the ships's been hit  -  did we lose any  -  anyone hurt? When they all finally do land, everyone is content, stories are swaped, a final check up is made + so ends another day of a successful mission  -  the target bombed + the ships safe.
	It isn't any wonder why the days pass us so quickly  -  then weeks into months. When we look back it seems such a long time  -  we often wonder if we'll ever get a chance to see the states soon.
	Enclosed are a few scenes of "once glorious Carthage". I know you'll like them. There isn't much left  -  Such is war!
	Good luck to all.
		Sincerely
			Chet

[What follows is in a smaller, compact sort of handwriting kept close to the left side of the page.]
Snaps follow as:
  1. Carthage here we are.
  2. pillars + column still standing
  3. Christians persecuted here.
  4: 		same	"	"
        5.    Amphitheater
        6.	      ?   supposedly dwellings of the rich
        7.     Chet + the Corinthian column. 
