                                                                   Sept. 3. 43
                                                                  North Africa
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson:
	I'm living in a world of my own(*)  -  complete happiness. The day has finally come when I can honestly say my prayers and patience have been amply rewarded. On my bunk are over two hundred long letters that I longed for during my period of convalescence. What a time I've had in reading. Every minute that I could free myself  -  was devoted to all your wonderful letters. You people have been grand to me. Letters are a morale builder, I assure you + so will a million others.
	I have with me your two interesting V letters dated May 21, the other is blank  -  but I imagine it must have been written sometime during that interval.
	By now you must be really knee deep in your work. With a new semester beginning and then to cope with all our letters, you must be working [at end of page "(*) it's only for an hour back to work."] working overtime. Yes I believe you enjoy the job of reading letters from the fellas and keeping everyone posted from the far corners of the world. You people are doing a magnificent peice of work towards victory. Three cheers to all.
	The Service Men's News is A-1. It's really tops  -  it brings one's college friends that much closer. Knowing now that most of the fellows have left for the service, undoubtedly there should be many varied experiences from all. Our college is well represented in all branches of the service. It's going to be fun to talk about the far away places and the numerous experiences we all had. I, myself am looking forward to that day in seeing all of you, + also raid Mrs. Smith's ice box for some real home-made apple pie.
	Oh, to be home, even if it were only for a few day  -  "mais C'est la guerre", and there are so many places to visit. Who knows, it may be soon when we'll be in Paris, and then Berlin ---------- + then Tokio! A round-the world trip sound exciting and adventuresome  -  but it's the time element that counts. Our all these experiences that I and a million others have encountered, many could not buy it.
	As I travel from one place to the other, I try to film some interesting subject or composition which will be helpful and also a souvenir. My film has dwindled below par. It's kind and thoughtful of you Miss Thompson to come to my rescue. According to the new postal regulations, all you need to do now is to show this letter with the request (I shall write it down) to the post master together with the item being sent. It's rather simple  -  but that's the way it was told to us here by the post-office. No more requests from your CO  -  it was too much trouble:
	Postmaster!
			I would like to request for a few rolls of film, whatever amount the recipient of this letter can afford to send me. As I understand this is all that is necessary to receive your OK. Thank You.
I do hope it'll work out. You mentioned in your letter that Mr. Richmond also had some film (size 620 is needed). It would be far more easier if one package would be sent from both parties. I do hope this won't be too much disturbance to you. I thank you whole- heartedly once again.
	The dust storms are doing their darndest to lower our morale, than goodness it's for a few hours. It usually happens around chow time. No need to season our food, the sand does a wonderful job of it. All we can do out here is complain- if it isn't scorpions + what have you  -  it's mosquitoes, no use discussing them, that the enemy we'd like to dissolve but just can't. And I thought Jersey mosquitoes were awful. I retract that statement.
	The boys are picking up their mess kits, indicating it's nearing to chow time. Though it may be "C" rations or SPAM, we'll have to eat it regardless. A victory garden can really come in handy. Too much can goods gets the best of us.
	Must end here with an au revoir, do write soon for I long for your letters. Chet
