Chester Kuziora
                                                                320 Bomb Group
                                                                  444 Squadron
                                                                 MacDill Field
                                                                Tampa Florida.
                                                                    July 13/42
                                                                              
Dear Mr. Hutchinson:
	I finally did receive your long travelled letter. It sure did cover mileage, it reminds me of a baseball during a ball game, travelling to + fro until it comes home. I left Chanute three days after having graduated from the Parachute Rigger School. According to previous orders I was to stay there as an instructor, but orders came for me to leave for "duty". Thus far this army life was interesting, full of surprises. I've heard that we are to stay here for a limited time until we get [more?] organized, so's we could be a complete unit throughout the war. Conditioning ourselves, rolling up our sleves + actually working to fix those planes. Although I'm supposedly a rigger + there isn't any want for my job now, I'm a mechanic, clerk and what have you. We're really getting prepared. I can't say that we're always working because that would be quite an exaggeration. We have passes which if we have money, enable us to visit the town and go in swimming into the sun-infested Gulf. As soon as I arrived here, I felt much nearer to war than ever before. First of all all our bldg use camoflodge. secondly , we have air raid shelters, + machine gun nests, we're on the alert twenty-four hours a day; our planes fly overhead ready for action - sometimes this place looks like a madhouse.
	As far as furloughs are concerned, I don't think we'll ever get one, perhaps a few days leave if I should be embarked from N.Y., I do hope so. It's swell to hear about the other fellows, some of them are really lucky, being so near to home. or residing in hotels. I can add that I too traveled on the best train, Pullmans, streamliners, yes, lived the life of Riley while traveling to the various fields. Gosh it's hot down here, I seem to be the unfortunate northerner always being sent down south. Maybe it'll be South Carolina  -  lets hope. In closing, I'd like to hear from you again + please give my regards to all.
                                                                      Chet.			
