                                                                Clem Tetkowski
                                                                              
[Eagle Logo]
U.S. ARMY

                                                                 Sunday Feb 7,
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson,

Up here in Rochester we are beginning to feel like Washington's men at Valley Forge. It snows more in one week here than it does, in Newark, a whole week year. If anyone makes any remarks about the weather, the usual reply has something to do with Russia. At any rate we are still fighting the "Battle of Cobbs Hill" at the usual pace  -  a standstill. A contrast to the usual pace of rumors. Just now rumors are going about in double-time. Like any other outfit we also have the one about "going across" even though there is no real basis for it.

To help break the monotony of our work here, I have been fortunate to be able to go to the Rochester concerts and hear Annie Brown, Robert Casadesus, "LaTrairata' (with Robert Weede and Suzanne Fisher) and Guy Fraser Harrison. The USO has made arrangement so that we only have to pay the Federal tax. The Rochester Library is very good for a town of this size. I have managed to make frequent use of it even though I can leave the area only every fight night. In order to help us improve our library, here at the post, which consists of nothing more than "mysteries" and seed catalogues, I have been trying to get the Rochester library to let us have some of the books they have received in the recent book campaign. I am also trying to get the Museum of Modern Art to lend us their films.

The greater part of our company which was stationed at Buffalo has come back to Rochester. Now, we who have been doing a full company job, can rest somewhat and even write the letters we know we must. Thank you and NSTC for the photo album  -  it really is a treat to own it.

Sincerely

Clem Tetkowski
