Tetkowski
                                                 Co "C" 712[th] M.P. , Bn.
                                                             Cobbs Hill School
                                                           Rochester, New York
                                                                  Dec. 9, 1942
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson,

Your letter was a real delight to receive. My position has been so uncertain that I thought it would be best to wait before answering. It is still uncertain but I am writing nevertheless. 

I am in the branch of the service traditionally disliked by all service-men. Not many know that the Corps of Military Police has many more duties than just to arrest soldiers who are having a good time. It has changed from just a "company detail" into an essential branch of the army. Our company is responsible for the protection of the people and the defense plants in this area against paratroops, air-raids and sabotage. We would also take charge of convoys and civilian evacuation. This is only part of our work here, other companies have other duties. The M.P. takes charge of captured areas and might be the nucleus of a national or international police force if any is formed after the war. If I gave any more details I might be divulging military secrets. 

After completing the course at Ft. Ontario I was "shuffled off to Buffalo" although my orders were to go to Niagra Falls and later Grand Island. Now I am in Rochester where I probably will remain for a few months. Oddly enough we are bunking in a classroom of what was a fresh air school. The black-boards are still up and what was the principal's office is now occupied by the commanding officer. The school is located in a park by the side of a lake. When we are not on M.P. duty we continue our studies. "I see by the paper"  -  that many of the old friends are lieutenants or have stripes at least. I have to admit I am still a private.

The Service Mens News was a delightful surprise to receive. It followed me just as it probably followed the other boys. I am sure they are as happy as I am to have a copy. I hope it will be published frequently. It neglects to tell us about the faculty and the students now in school. I know that the Reflector fills this gap. The Christmas issue would be a gift welcomed, I am sure, by all of us.

I hope you are well and I know all of us appreciate your work. If the others have not told you, the book drive at school really was necessary for army morale. Often I have made use of the books that were collected this way.

Good luck and  -  Merry Christmas to you.

Sincerely,

Clem Tetkowski
