								12108688
								T/5 Edw. A. Klingler
								Co.C, 1[st] Bm, HSG
								G-1 GHQ, AFPAC
								APO 500 c/o PM
								San Francisco, Cal.

Dear Miss Thompson,

	I'm now at my new station, in Tokyo.  I've now got a new address (about the 12[st]  in 2 weeks), which I hope will be the last until I reach Ft. Dix and the Separation Center.
	I'll tell you about my latest travels:  Jan 31[s][t] I was assigned to the GHQ and was to fly here by plane.  Instead they called and said we'd go with the rear echelon.  Some Sgt and a LT. Col. Decided to put me in G-4 planning (the Personnel Section of the Army).  
	While still in Manila, I spent the last week sight-seeing.  Feb. 7[th] we boarded the Gen. Omar Bundy, AP 152.  After we finished our lunch, the Bundy sailed.  At about 3:30 (1530) we passed Corregidor and Bataan, into the China Sea.
						Cont'd
						(2)
	Friday morning we awoke and found the ship tossing about in a rough sea and a storm.  By night, quite a few fellows were seasick however, this trip I wasn't even sick an hour.
	The Bundy was a much nicer ship than the Evangeline.  Although it was crowded it was more liveable than on the "Eva".  The Bundy was designed for troops while the Evangeline used it's cargo holds for troops.
	Sunday we passed Okinawa and got a very good look at it.  Monday was just another day.  Tuesday we anchored in Yokohamas.  
	Today, Thursday we debarked from the Bundy and boarded trucks which took us to the railroad station.  We then boarded the train (narrow gauge) and travelled to Tokyo.
	The industries are really leveled to the ground.  Only mustins machinery stands where mills once were.
						Cont'd
						(3)
	My opinion is that Japan as a nation is modern and rich but the individual person is poor.  The business buildings are very modern but the homes are "matchbox" affairs.
	The Jap women are prettier than the Flips, but the men look ugly, one reason I guess is the fact I take them as dangerous enemies.  The Jap women are now wearing slacks.  In one day I've grown tired of seeing slacks and I hope the Yank girls have forgotten the idea of slacks.
	We live in a modern building.  I share a large room with 23 other men in rom 454 (4[th] floor) of the Mitsubishi Main Blds.  We have elevators so we don't worry aobut stair-climbing.  Our offices are 4 blocks away in the Dai Lchi (Dai lti) Bldg.  we're one block from the Emperor's Palace in Hibiya Park.
						Cont'd
						(4)
He's really got a swell place
	Today they issued us 3 more blankets giving us each a total of 5 blakets.  It really gets cold.
	Its now 2315 (45 min til midnight) so I'll sign off.  Five my regard to the students and faculty of N.J.S.T.C.
						Respectfully yours,
						Eddie Klingler
