14 May 1944
Sunday PM

Dear Miss Thompson,

I was most please to receive "The Service Men's News" a few days ago.

You probably will be surprised at my "change of address." I left Fort Meade in March because of the new rotation policy. Since I was the youngest technical sergeant in my Regiment at Mead I was the first to leave.

My wife and I lived on the Post and since my departure she has returned to Philadelphia to live with her parents. At present she is working in the executive offices of the Woolworth Company in Philly.

In one month I have already received almost fifty letters from her alone and many others from my friends. So you can see my mail is very regular and many.

The trip from the States was a long one. Wish I could tell you all the details of my trip and of my present location. But strict censorship prohibits it.

Coming over I was in charge (acting 1[st] Sgt.) of a company of men. I was most fortunate to have a stateroom with the officers. I associated with the Navy personnel. At night we played cards, checkers, and listened to the radio. The trip was quite exciting.

One of the Navy Officers had a 16mm motion picture machine which he loaned to me after discovering that I held several Army Projection Operator's Permits. I showed about five full length pictures.

There were many outstanding personalities aboard ship. One of the men was a script writer for Eddie Cantor's shows. He told many interesting stories about Hollywood (his home) and the famous stars.

Another was a highly technical cameraman for Warner Brothers in Hollywood. Also on the list we had an executive of a large crystalware manufacturing concern in West Virginia. He controls several factories there. He told us about crystalware (complete set) his firm made for Mrs. Roosevelt. They even had the Presidental crest on all the pieces. They presented to her when she visited the concern.

I could go on endlessly.

At present I'm somewhere in sunny Italy. I had occasion to visit Naples.

I also saw the Irving Berlin show about two weeks ago. It had the original cast as the picture "This is the Army". I happened to know the musical (and dance) director of that show and therefore I was fortunate in seeing him. We had dinner together and then he took me to the show. I certainly had a most enjoyable time. 

You probably will be surprised to hear that near the end of my trip overseas I got the German Measles!

I spend most of my time writing. Occassionally I see a movie. There really isn't too much entertainment.

I've never seen so many mountains in my life as I have here in Italy.

I hope everything at Newark State is just fine. I sure do miss the place, Miss Thompson. I'll be only too happy to correspond with anyone there. I would especially like to hear from the boys in the Armed Forces.

Reading "The Service Men's News" is always most interesting. I really appreviate receiving it from time to time. Many thanx.

Remember me to everyone at N.S.T.C.

Sincerely,

Edward B. Ezekian
(Class of '43)
