ARMY AIR FORCES BOMBADIER SCHOOL
MIDLAND, TEXAS

June 1, 1943

Dear Miss Thompson,

Sorry for not writing sooner, but I kept changing squadrons so fast, I didn't want to get your book keeping all messed up. Even at the present time, I don't know what the score is, because we are in an outfit that is overcrowded, and fellows are being shipped out every day. But I'll try to to recapitulate just how and why I came here.

I washed out as a cadet because of my speech. That was the only factor that kept me from going on as a cadet. The fellow who interviewed me, noticed that at times I hesitated in my speech, and from this told me that because of that condition, I would have to be grounded. Naturally I was downhearted, but I figured that was done for the best. I then had a choice of going to Shepard Field, an Air Corps replacement center, and being reassigned from here, or else to come directly here as a ground mechanic. So I picked coming to this place, which I don't regret. I was assigned first to the 493 Bombardier Training Squadron, which was later renamed the 82[nd] Bombardier Training Group, and assigned to a plane on the line. This outfit maintained a fleet of B-18's, which were used for Bombardier Training. Three weeks later, our B-18's left us, and we went to Big Springs, the majority of the mechanics remained here. A days later our outfit was completely disorganized, and we were transferred to the 491[st] Bombardier Training Squadron, our present organization. We are now working on B-34's. The work is interesting, and something happens every day. About two weeks ago, one of our ships, which are twin engine ships, flew in with one engine. We expected a crack-up, but the plane landed safely, and no one was hurt. Last week, a trailer gas truck, which is used to service the ships with gas, turned over and spilled thousands of gallons on the runway. Luckily enough it didn't explode, and no fire resulted. I guess if those poor easterners could have seen that river of gas go flooding down the runway, it would have resulted in mass suicide or something. Then last Friday one of our B-34's cracked up and killed 5 men. Two flight officers, a captain, and two mechanics. The plane was a total wreck and had to be dug out of the ground. So you see, this is quite a place, with something always happening.

I hear that school is fast becoming a women's college. If this war last much longer, I suppose it will be just that. Have heard from George, and was happy to hear of his promotion to Corporal. It won't be long before he is back in the states, and going to O.C.S. in Miami Beach, Fla. Its about time the breaks were falling for him. He certainly deserves it.

Well, I supposed this will be all for now. Don't be surprised if I'm at a different place next time you hear from me.

Very truly yours,

Ed
