WAR SHIPPING ADMINISTRATION
TRAINING ORGANIZATION
--------
UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINES ACADEMY
KINGS POINT, NEW YORK

[U.S. MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY  -  KINGS POINT  -  NEW YORK LOGO]

                                                       Thursday Sept. 28, 1944
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson,

	In the past I have managed to get into College to visit you and let you know what is going on in my young life. The last visit I made found you away on your much-deserved vacation. At this time I returned those books on B. Franklin and I want to express my thanks for the use of them. Perhaps this short note will bring you up to date on the activities of this Newark Stater.

	Last fall I decided, since I was stationed so close to New York, to start to work on my Masters degree  -  by June I had completed a good portion of the work, during the summer I did some more work and now I'm on the "home stretch". I'll be finished by Feb. I'm going to go right to work on my Ph. D. For my thesis I expect to do some research work for Life Camps  -  this, of course, will have to wait till after the war.

	I am still a Warrant Officer but expect to change my title to Ensign very shortly  -  so rumor has it. I am still doing the same work  -  teaching First Aid and Abandon Ship procedure. I teach about six hours a day and carry on a routine office type of job during the rest of the time. My daily schedule is much the same as that of an Instructor at West Point or The Naval Academy  -  in fact, this Academy is now referred to as the West Point of the Merchant Marine. We have just had a March of Time picture made and it will be in the local theaters within the next few weeks. The teaching experience I have gained here will be a great asset to me when I get back into the Public Schools. Another Officer and I have compiled the course of study and reference material used in our phase of this training program. In addition we have written a few pamphlets which are now being used at various training stations throughout the States.

	"The Service Men's News" has been arriving on schedule and I would like to express my sincere appreciation for this publication. It gives all of us a grand chance to keep in touch with the other college people who are in the service.

	I have another bit of news which probably belongs in the "home front" section of this letter. Newark State's extra-curricula advisor Prof. Cupid has scored another victory. He was responsible for arranging my courtship with Margaret Sidun (graduated in 1940) and now on the Eve of Thanksgiving Marge is going to have her name changed to Mrs. Ambry. You see, I have Newark State to thank for many things. There seems to be some mix-up on the date of Thanksgiving Day and Congress can't make up their minds as to whether the date will be the 23[rd] or the 30[th].  -  I don't know whether I'm to be married on Thanksgiving Eve or Franksgiving Eve.

	On my last visit to school I noticed a lot of changes  -  not only in the building but also in the staff. I was sorry to hear that Miss Kain decided to leave. Will you give her my regards when you see her.

	That is all for now  -  Regards to all.

                                                                    Sincerely,
                                                                              
                                                                      Ed Ambry
