                                                                      12108688
                                                           PVT. EDW. A KLINGER
                                                     CASUAL CO. 62 3[RD] PLAT.
                                                        A.P.O. #12167 C/O P.M.
                                                         SAN FRANCISCO, CALIF.
                                                                              
                                                                  TUES 9-11-45
                                                                    ABOARD THE
                                                           U.S.A.T. EVANGELINE
                                                                ON THE PACIFIC
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson,

They've finally got me on a ship going over. Now with censorship lifted almost completely I may say that my last camp was Camp Anza in Arlington, Calif. (near Riverside & L.A.).

Last Wed. noon we left Cp. Anza by train. We arrived at Pier #230 on Terminal Island, L.A. at 1500 (3 o'clock). After being served donuts & punch by the Red Cross we boarded the "Evangeline". (built in 1927)

About 6 o'clock many fellows got seasick but I was still feeling fine. At 8 o'clock I went below deck & that's when I became seasick. I was sick almost 36 hrs.

Sat. I had 4 hrs of K.P. The ship although not too large, is a very fast transport. It's an Army ship with an Army & merchant marine crew and a navy gun crew. The army tries to make it as nice as possible. We have a P.X. post office, movies at night on deck (since the war's over most restrictions are off), a library, barber shop, chapel services, and a band which I am a member of.

We should be in Hawaii by this afternoon. We expect to be at sea all month. 

I'm sure glad I didn't join the navy. There's nothing of much interest at sea. All you see is ocean all day long or else that same old ship.

(cont'd)

(2) cont'd

I just wonder how long I'll be stationed out here. I sure hope I can be back in N.J.S.T.C. in Feb.

You said we had a few fellows from N.J.S.T.C. in Manilla. I would appreciate if you would send me their addresses as I expect to be joining them by the end of the month.

I guess classes have again started at N.J.S.T.C. Have anymore men registered this semester? Please give my regards to the faculty and my class.

Respectfully yours,

Eddie Klinger
