EDWIN D. GILDNER, Class of 1942

Inducted in to the Army, March 3, 1942 at Ft. Dix., N.J.

Assigned to Signal Corps, Ft. Monmouth, N.J., Mar. 6[th]. Entered radio repair school but didn't like it and got transferred to radio operator school

Arrived Camp Crowder, Mo. July, 1942 and assigned to 231 Signal Operations Co. for continued training

Arrived vicinity of Nashville, Tenn. For maneuvers, Aug. 15, 1942. Worked as teletype operator during manuevers.

Returned to Crowder, Nov. 23, 1942, and continued training

Alerted and finally sent to Angel Island in San Francisco Bay, arriving  Feb. 7, 1943. Made T/5 near the end of Dec. and with about six other men was taken out of the 231 Sig. Co., and sent to join a detachment of casuals who were assembled on Angel Island for overseas duty.

Boarded the "West Point" on Feb. 13; ship left the bay, Feb. 15, 1943

Docked at Melbourne, Australia, night of Mar. 4, 1943. Had 6-hour pass the next day. Favorably impressed with Australians and their country

Left Australia Mar. 6, 1943. destination unknown at the time.

Arrived, Bombay, India, about Mar 23[rd], 1943 and transferred from "West Point" to a British (Indian manned) tub, called the "Rajula", bound for Karachi, India.

Arrived at Camp Malair, near Karachi, about March 28, 1943.

Crossed top of India by train and stopped at Ramgarh, a camp not so many miles from Calcutta. This was during the first half of April, 1943.

Stayed at Ramgarh about a week then flew across the Hump to China, arriving about Ap. 17, 1943

Taught Chinese soldiers radio operation and other signal work for about a month and a half. The school was near Kunming and my pupils ranged from privates to majors in rank.

Left the school and was billeted in Kunming.

Sent back to teach at the school again, near the end of June.

Left the school again, near the end of June.

The middle of Sept., 1943, I went with a few other men and officers to the town of Paoshan, China, on the Burma Road. Our group was called aliason team and I went as the radio operator. In those days, American liason teams were assigned to various Chinese units who were stationed along the Burma Road. The team's purpose was to supervise the distribution of supplies from America that were send down the Road for the Chinese, and to gather accurate information for the American Command as to the distribution of Chinese and Jap troops, etc. At that time, the Japs were sitting on the west bank of the Salween River, and the Chinese on the east bank each glaring at the other but not doing much fighting. 

Nov, 24, arrived at the village of Tsaokien, one day by the mountain trail west of the Burma Road, and one day east of the Salween River.

Seven months later, I left that town and crosses the Salween River with the Chinese Division I was attached to, around the end of May, 1944

The job of our liason team at that time was to report the progress of the battles, ask for air missions when our division needed them and also request the air dropping of supplies as a land supply route was practically non-existant. 

At the end of Oct., 1944, I was sent back to ta rest camp near Kunming. The Salween campaign was about over and the "Stillwell Road" between India and China had been about completed. I left the city of Tengchung by plane and came back to the Burma Road after being west of it for almost a year. Near the middle of Nov. 1944, I was sent to Kweiyang Province. The Japs were driving towards the city of Kweiyang, which is about midway between Kunming and Chungking. I was with a party of engineers who picked out spots to blow up, with the idea of hindering the advancing Japs. The Japs finally turned back before reaching Kweiyang. Dec. '44, and Jan. '45, I was hospitalized because of dysentery and general debility. Near the middle of March, 1945, I was sent to Hunan Province in the area around the city of Singwha. To get there part of my trip included 9 days travel by sampan. About the time I arrived, the Japs started a large offensive aimed at the large air base of Chichiang. I was assigned various liason teams at different times. Usually just myself and an officer and interpreter traveled with various Chinese divisions or regiments which were fighting the Japs. The Japs were in retreat by the end of May, 1945.

June 13, I left China, headed for the United States. I flew back across the Hump Hump and landed in Calcutta.

Boarded the General Patrick, Aug. 6, 1945 and returned to the U.S. via the Indian Ocean, Red Sea, Mediterranean, Atlantic, landing on Staten Island, Sept. 3, 1945.

Awards held, Bronze Star Medal, Good Conduct Medal, one battle star.

Rank, T/3, since June, 1944
