China
Oct. 16, 1944

Dear Miss Thompson,

To silence, at least temporarily, your cries for a letter I am going to really write a letter. Sit down and take at easy because this is going to take time.

First I'll make an attempt to explain those foolish reasons for not writing. I am well aware that one reason you desire letters is so that you may gather information for the Service Men's News. Now, I'm going to tell you what I think of that publication. Its creation was an excellent idea and its arrival always pleases me. But  -  frequently I read, as in the June issue that, "The promotion of (Illegible) (Illegible) DeMarzo of Orange New Jersey, from Corporal to Sergeant was announced recently by Brig. Gen. Edmond W. Hill etc. etc.." My first reaction is, "What's this, a gag?" Then I read on another page that Technical Sergeant Albert Paskow (1936) now serving with the 12[th] Air Service Group in China has been awarded the Army Good Conduct Medal for exemplary behaviors etc. etc." At this point my eyes become slightly gazed and I reach for a bottle of Jingh Bow Juice. (Some time maybe I'll tell you what Jingh Bow juice is  -  I'll bet Paskow knows even if he does have a Good Conduct Medal.) Then I say to myself, "Listen son, you don't know, maybe it is a momentous event when a guy gets Sgt's stripes in the European Theater. Maybe it does rate a somewhat stilted and pompous announcement. And just think how proud Mrs. DeMarzo must have been if she read it!" "Yeah", I answer, "But you know damn well just how wonderful an achievement it is to aquire a G.C. Medal in China, or anywhere else."

I can picture my C.O. getting up in front of the gang here and saying, "T/3 Gildner's faithful and exact performance of duty, his capacity to produce desired results and his behavior hace been such as to deserve emulation." About that time somebody would hit me with a rotten egg.

All this is no reflection DeMarzo or Paskow. I rather regard them in the light of innocent victims. But I wonder how you at the college get hold of such gems of information. Certainly Paskow did not mean to see such an item printed in the S. M's News. In DeMarzo's case it was apparently some "good fairy" who typed up the information. The point is, I shudder when I think of the possibility of seeing such item printed about myself. That's why I have refrained from writing. I was afraid I might inadvertedly say some thing that would turn up in print in the spirit of the examples I mentioned. My friends would think I was boasting. I have also feared that one of my friends, with whom I correspond, might hand you information that would appear in that forum, so I haven't written much to anyone.

I suppose all that is unimportant and foolish but it is a part of a larger matter that annoys me at times. Simply the attitude of American civilians toward soldiers. They either try to make glamorous heroes of them, or, if the several magazine articles I have read are true, they treat returning soldiers as strange and some dangerous creatures from another planet. The articles I refered to were serious but I am enclosing a couple of amusing ones from "Yank" which are pertinent to the subject. Why don't they regard us as ordinary Americans doing a job that is necessary, some times uncomfortable and usually boring? I think people are attaching too much importance to the war, anyway. That is not to be confused with winning the war. We know how important that is. But why play up all the details of a disgusting subject. The magazines, the radio, books, motion pictures, and every thing else insists on glamorizing or dramatizing this lousy war. It reminds me of the days when they used to make a big fuss over the exploits and the pursuing of gangsters. There were and are many more things than discussions and discriptions of the war.

I was interested to note Geller's mention of the flowers he saw on the beachhead. I had a similar experience one day when I was in an embattled city filled with ruined buildings and rotting dead. I suddenly saw a single flower still alive, and though I don't claim to be a great nature lover, I did think the beauty and life of that flower was in a way more important than all the rest of it.

Speaking again of the Service Men's News, I enjoy reading such items as Joe Pikus's infantry candidate who shook the very foundations of mathematics, that was really good. Also Fred Hoffman's sharp observations of the English. I have met a few Englishmen over here and I'm sure they are a remarkable breed. I'd like to visit England some day. I know you would print more bits like those I just mentioned if the fellows would only write them. O.K., I know I'm guilty on that score because I haven't written anything.

Speaking of Doherty, his Casbar discription sounded exactly like that of a house in a Chinese village. Even to the chickens walking around in the room. Tell him he has my sypathy. 

Incidently, I have been wondering, about a few people, myself. One, is Mary Vickers, a former class mate of mine. If you know her address maybe you could drop her a card saying that I would like to hear from her.

As for Mr. Hutchinson, tell him I worked on him for a couple of years and I'm not discouraged. I know his mind is still young and pliable so I'm sure I can do something with him when I get back.

With the exception of private lessons for Mr. Hutchinson, teaching for me, after the war, is the last thing I will do. I wouldn't teach if they paid you  -  and relatively speaking, they don't, especially in New Jersey. I hope, if possible, to attend Columbia School of Journalism. Maybe that won't work out, (I hear newspaper reporters are supposed to be able to spell) but we will see. If that doesn't work I have a wild scheme up my sleeve that I might try.

In an attempt to while away the years over here, I have found simple pleasure in raising a mustache. It's quite a success. On clear days you can actually see it from at least a yard away  -  if you have good eye sight and a little imagination. My ambition is to have it grow to a point where I can give it a sardonic snarl when I sneer. I tried to do that yesterday but the mustache completely eluded my groping fingers and I only succeeded in giving my upper lip a painfully vicious twist. Is hair-grower rationed in the States? If not I might try and get a bottle.

We have accomplished our objective. The Japs have all been killed or driven out of our area and I'm not doing much of anything at present. In other parts of China, as you have probably read, things are going badly.

It is going to take a long time to beat the Japs. They aren't like the Germans who are more likely to surrender when they are beaten. At the beginning of this year I gave the Germans six months after the United Nations made their major invasion of Europe. That might have been optimistic but I don't think it will last much longer than December. But the Japs can't be beaten in less than two years after Germany is out, and it will probably take much longer, (Amazing how these T/3s turn military expert, isn't it?). At least I do know something about the Jap, American and Chinese armies. I also know what a large part of China is like. It is awfully big, especially when you try walking it and there aren't many Lincoln Highways. In places it is not only long but high. I crossed one range of mountains between eleven and twelve thousand feet. In places the decent was like climbing down the Palisades. (On a wet day, thanks to the monsoons). Before we beat Japan we will have to win back all of China. If anybody thinks all we have to do is hand the Chinese the equipment (a terrific problem in itself due to the lack of transportation routes) they are crazy. It will take many American troops. The American people have been badly over-sold on China. That is due to the fact that they are very touchy over here about us criticising our allies. Not only in soldier's letters is this true but in news reports as well. I have seen few accurate magazine articles on China. (But "Time" does not do badly). The Chinese hate criticism due to their sensitiveness about "losing face". Sometimes we play basketball with Chinese soldiers, and although there is a referee, he almost never calls because then somebody would "lose face". The result, of course, is a very sloppy game. As long as nobody criticises or "calls the fouls", you can't expect much improvement of a war or a basketball game. The Chinese army and country have their good points but I'm not going to talk about them if I can't impartially present their shortcomings. An over optimistic picture is an injustice to both China and America.

Well, you can't say I haven't written you a letter. If you have any questions about China or anything else, ask and you shall receive (subject to the mercy of the censors).

Sincerely,

Ed

P.S. I wish the Service Men's News would print more about doings at the college.
