[US EAGLE LOGO]
UNITED STATES ARMY

                                                          Sunday, Aug. 16 / 42
                                                                              
Dear Friends,

Your locator card found me at Camp Edwards, Mass., where I am an officer assigned to the 100[th] Ordnance Co. of the new Engineer Amphibian Command.

An ordnance company supplies, maintains and repairs fighting equipment used by our forces, such as artillery, small arms, wheeled vehicles, tanks, instruments, etc. It's complement is made up of highly trained technicians, machinists, welders, instrument repairmen, armorers, etc. The entire unit motorized, most of the work is being done in "shop [illegible]."

As a lieutenant my present job is to see that 195 m3n are well fed three times daily. I am also the Personnel and Special Services officer for the company.

It is customary for an officer to be reassigned about every four months so that he might become proficient in the duties for each officer in the company. This means constant study and endless work, but it is excellent training. At the present time I am still serving in my first assignment, having received my commission in May.

I would like to tell you more about the camp and the activity in the Amphibian Command but it would be giving confidential information. Maybe someday after the war the alumni of the college, who have served, can write their experiences for a "Service Book" to be kept in the library.

It might interest you to know that Ted Gabry of the 385[th] Engineers is also stationed here at Camp Edwards, and is also a Lieutenant. 

The weather here on Cape Cod is cool and often damp, as we are surrounded by water almost entirely, There are many lakes in which to swim, as well as the ocean. Sailboating and fishing are great sports for those who can find the time to do so.

In the event that I move, I will forward you my new address so that your locator system will contain my location.

I will welcome and try to answer letters from anyone at college who cares to write.

Sincerely,

Lt. Francis J. Pabst
