                                                                   Sun. Aug 22
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson;

Since I last saw you I have had quite a few transfers as well as a few experiences.

At the present time I am in the Hospital, which is in a camp located somewhere along the Atlantic Coast. I entered this wonderful camp on Aug 10  -  on Fri the 13[th] I was interned in the Hospital with a beautiful case of Pneumonia. For the past 8 days I had a temp that was between 100 & 109; finally dropping to normal on Fri night, & remaining normal up to the present. I never knew a person could get so hot & be so cold at the same time. Boy what a thrill. Once is too much. I am now looking forward to a weeks rest here then back to active duty. Where? Your guess is as good as mine. I hope it is England. Your letter arrived today. Thank you for the brief on the location of our boys. Newark State really puts the boys on the map or visa versa. Since my furlough I have been in 2 companies. The first being the 819 Base Depot Co. in Camp Perry; the second being my present Co. the 982[nd] Ord. Depot Co. Present location is Shangri La. I was chosen along with 3 other experienced men to go into this Co. We were chosen by the colonel in charge of the H.Q. Detachment and promised good ratings when we arrived overseas. It was too good to turn down so we accepted. One week later we arrive here when the Tansey luck turns & I got sick. The best feature is that I will eventually join my Co. & see --- action somewhere. Why is it that each time I reach a new camp I have to get sick? When I went to Dix I caught cold. At Perry I was in the Hospital & now here I get sick again. Such a life. It could only happen to a Tansey. You may wonder why I don't paragraph this letter. We are limited to 2 pages & that isnt much. My greatest worry up to now has been the fear of not getting paid on the first of the month. You see if I don't get to sign the pay roll by tomorrow I dont get paid till the 15[th] or maybe Oct 1[st], which is bad  -  Horray. Here comes the fellow with the Co. pay book. I guess I'll get paid after all!! Just signed the pay book & am I relieved. Not that I need the money but its nice to have around. Give my regards to the few kids left at Newark State as well as to the faculty & office help. I certainly wish this were over & I could be back puttering around the shops with Mr. Richmond. He is really a prince of a fellow. Also please give Mr. Hess(sp?) my congratulations I just heard of the good news. Must sign off now. Will write soon.

Sincerely

Frank Tansey
