[USO Logo]
                                                                March 10, 1943
                                                                              
Dear Mr. Richmond,

I have been so very busy trying to do a good job of Teaching that I have neglected my correspondence almost completely.

I am now an Instructor at the Field Artillery School at Camp Perry. My appointment was made on Feb. 15, 1943, and since then I have been working about 23 hrs a day trying to get my subject matter made into a course of study. At college I thought little of course's of study since I had plenty of time to read those made by others & to outline mine from them. Now that is impossible because I am teaching the Theory, Mechanics, and all of the other data on a gun that has not been taught at this school before. I therefore must make up my own outlines etc.

The class hours are from 800 AM to 430 P.M. and from 600 to 900 P.M. on certain nights. This includes Saturday & most Sundays. Even so we have enough time to get to one or two dances a week. But if we go we are tired for the next few days as we are used to going to bed by 930 P.M.

The weather out here has been very cold during the past 2 months. During the past two weeks we have had days that we could go around in shirt sleeves, and the same might have snow & have the temperatures drop to about 15 [degrees] above. The reason for this change, is that the cold wind coming off of the lake causes cold weather & if it comes from the south we have warm weather.

Today it has rained continuously since about 4AM and the camp is an ocean of mud. The ground is clay; and sticks to your shoes and rubbers like like glue. We are all hoping that it does'nt get cold tonight.

The Director of the U.S.O. center in Port Clinton, a small town near camp, has asked me to start a craft shop for the boys from camp. I told him I would do so. But that I could only devote one evening a week to it. To this reply he was so enthusiastic that he told me to make up a list of the hand tools that I would like and also the necessary supplies. I am now trying to do that; but have to limit what I order [as] the budget that we have to work with  -  Wow I know that teachers have to do at the end of the year when trying to order for next year on a budget. 

My Present Address is:

Cpl. Frank Tansey
2[nd] Training Co.
O.U.T.C.
Camp Perry, Ohio

We are in a branch of the Headquarters Co. but are stationed here because there are not enough quarters for us in the regular area.

I am enclosing a few pictures that we took out here. As an instructor I can use a Jeep to travel from the school I am at to the other schools on errands. While on Teaching Duty we wear our dress uniforms. Boy! I thought I shave often enough in civilian life. But out here we have to shave every day.

That's about all of the news for now. I would have written sooner but I didn't know how long I was to stay in this camp. Now I have been told by the School Commander that I would be at Perry for the Duration or atleast 8 or nine months.
                                                                              
                                                                        [Over]
                                                                              
Please remember me to the faculty and especially to Miss Thompson. Tell her that I will write you soon. It really is hard to get time to sit down & write letters. Just about every time I try the boys in my hut turn on the radio & start to talk & argue & then I forget about the letters & join in since I can't write with competition like that.

Your Ex-Assistant
Frank Tansey
 
