                                                             Southwest Pacific
                                                                March 10, 1944
                                                                              
Dar Miss Thompson,

Your Christmas card has just arrived, finding me in the jungles of New Guinea. Having left the states before the holidays, the festive occasions were enjoyed on the troopship, although it wasn't quite like spending them at home near a warm hearth, it was plenty warm under the tropical sun, and most of us were home in thought.

This country is very rugged. Nothing but mountains, jungles, and sky. There are plenty of natives here who are quite friendly, but don't worry about the women, as they offer no competition to the home town variety. Whoever it was that expounded on the beauty of the South Seas maiden must have been a dope-addict.

We landed here in the rainy season, and I don't believe I've dried since. The rain is just a perpetual thing. Like the passing of time.

The isn't much to do evenings, except read, write or see an occasional out door movie. The rest of our time is spent in work and plenty of it.

There are coconuts, pineapples, bananas and paw paws to be had for the picking. Most of the boys just shoot them from the trees.

Our camp is situated near a high and beautiful mountain which is said to be several thousand feet high. Its peak rises right into the clouds, being seen only on very clear days. It has a waterfall which is also quite high, and makes a good destination of an occasional hike.

Although it is very warm during the day, it is fairly cool evenings. But the bugs are terrific, and mosquito nets are necessary.

We have a creek running near our camp, and the boys can enjoy a swim now and then. They also wash their clothes there, but the officers have theirs done by a paid orderly.

That's about the size of our domestic life. You read the military side in the papers.

Regards to all,

Lt. F.J. Pabst
