Tansey
                                                                 Sunday Jan 3.
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson;

I received your letter and the picture album last Monday. Thank you very much for them. The reason that I have not written is this. On Monday night we left Fort Dix for Camp Perry; during the day & night we were not supposed to write or call anyone. After a 19 hr train ride we arrived at Camp Perry. Ordinarily it is a 12 hr ride by train so we must have come via Florida or Canada. Upon arrival at Camp Perry we were assigned huts for permanent quarters. Each hut is 15' x 15' one story, heated by stove & housing 5 men & full field equipment. The day after I arrived here I contacted a severe cold & sore throat I was sent to the Hospital where I have been since. I was in the hospital ward for 6 hrs when a lad was brought in & placed opposite me. That night the doctors found that he had a contagious disease & the whole ward has been quarantined for 2 weeks. I knew that I had some bad luck by I never dreampt that fate could be so unkind to me.

I don't know weather you have ever been in bed for more than a day or so. If you have then you know how I feel. I haven't been out of bed for 4 days & won't be able to get up until Thursday or Friday. I would rather sit in class rooms listening to the dullest of lectures than laying in bed. Never again will I report to sick call. This is my first time in the hospital & the next time they will have to carry me to one.

This letter is being written in bed so please forgive the spelling & penmanship, as well as the pencil. I am feeling fine but the doctor still gives me pills.

Camp Perry may be beautiful in the summer but it certainly isn't in the winter. The company streets & most of the streets are unpaved, mostly Dirt covered with stones. When it rains you walk in mud & I do mean mud. Last Mon, Tues, & Wed it rained, Thurs, Fri, Sat. it snowed; Today it is hailing & raining. Nice weather for ducks & Eskimoes.

The Army is fine but the minor things that we have to put up with are very aggravating at times (like the food & weather). 

The orderly just announced that we must take a nap now so I must close this letter.

I hope that you & all at Newark State are well & have had a nice Xmas vacation. I certainly miss the school but those pictures will really help to bring back the memories of the past four years and to give me some good laughs as I think of the mistakes & foolish things I did while at Newark State. I must close now so good luck to all & a Happy New Year.

Sincerely

Frank Tansey
