                                                                  Frank Tansey
                                                                              
[Medal Logo]
United States Army
Ordnance Department
                                                                  May 16, 1943
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson;

Life at Camp Perry is just full of surprises and transfers. When L arrived at Camp after spending a beautiful five day furlough at home, I found that I was transferred to a new company. It was then nine o'clock so I started off toward my hut to get some sleep. Upon arriving I found that all of my clothes and bedding had been turned in to the supply Sgt. The next thing was to find him, but he was out on pass and would not be back untill morning. At this point I was thoroughly disgusted and went back to the Orderly Room. Here I was informed that I was not due back in camp untill the following night at mid-night or six A.M. the following morning.

Fortunately there was a bus leaving for Toledo at ten so I went there, and spent the rest of the evening, the next day, that night, and returned to camp at six a.m. the next morning. I really enjoyed the visit to Toledo as I was able to see all of the cities night spots, recreational spots, and places of educational and pictorial value. Toledo has a beautiful museum of art as well as a large and well filled Zoo.

After arriving at camp the second time I was transferred to my new company. It is the 819 Base Depot Co. 

During the first day I met most of the men and the officers. The first night we all were allowed to go out on pass and we lost no time in doing that. This good fortune did not last, for the next day we had a large group of me. We ( the whole company ) was put in strict Quarrantine. We are not even able to leave the Co. area for 14 days. Had these men comf from this camp we would not have had this put on us. But it is an Army rule that men going from one camp to another must be put into confinement to camp for two weeks. In our case more often than 50% of the Co. are new at this post so all of us have to stay in. There are over 100 of us confined to an area no larger than the property the school occupies.

We will start school as soon as the quarantine is lifted, so I doubt very much if I will be able to get a pass to be present for the graduation exercises. Even with things as they are I may be able to get off, I am certainly going to try.

At the present time I am in charge of the Co. Orderly Room. I never thought there could be as many different types of forms and statements as I have had to fill out during the past week. Must close now as I have run out of paper. 

Sincerely;

Frank V. Tansey

