APG, Md. Saturday

Dear Miss Thompson:

A report of my present activities you suggested.

First and most important...Born to 1[st] Lt. F.X. Birkner and his wife Dorothy...a son. Weight 9 lbs 5 oz. June 13, 1944. (And are we happy about it) I'll bet you never expected to see the old wolf settle down to quiet domestic life...and whats more love it? I've been very fortunate in getting a wonderful gal for a wife and now the baby makes our happiness inevitable.

Second my military category. At present I'm running a technical school for instructing men in the use of all types of standard combat vehicles (half-tracks, tanks, armored cars, the "duck" and similar assemblies). The experience I'm getting will be a wonderful break for after the war...I've had to establish policies, write courses, train instructors, order and maintain equipment, interview and assign men to positions...all experiences (illegible) kindred subjects with running a civilian school. The army has done me a great deal of good and I certainly hope to make the most of the things I've learned. You don't know anyone that wants a nice clean-cut young supervisor do you? (Assuming I'm still "clean-cut" when the war is over.)

Third  -  In addition to the above I've been a combat tactical officer instructing men in use of such "cute" things as the bayonet, rifle, dirty fighting, gas attack, flame throwers, and the use of vehicles in combat. The types of thing a soldier must know to be a successful killer as well as an ordinance technician.

All in all I manage to keep busy  -  more than I ever have in my life, but it's all part of the game.

How is the school doing these days? I'll bet the man power situation is critical (unless they happen to be fine are students)

Give my regards to my old staff members...D'Angolas, Hess, Vaign Aemes, Snyder, etc...I had hopes to see all of you some time this month but all leaves and passes have been cancelled for a indifinate period.

As ever,
  oo Frank

P.S. Oh yes, in my "spare time" I'm writing a book on automotive principles to be used in universities for officer training. How about a copy for your shelves...I'm an old grad, you know.
F
