V-MAIL

To: STATE TEACHERS COLLEGE
BROADWAY AND FOURTH AVE
NEWARK, NEW JERSEY

From: 0-1002397 
Lt. F. W. Christoffel
Hq. I Island Command
APO 502, c/o PM, SF, Cali
Feb. 7, 1944

New Caledonia

Faculty and Student Body:

Hi everybody  -  hope you haven't given me up for lost  -  I'm still alive and kicking (What GI doesn't kick?). This is just a short note to give you my correct address  -  I'm thinking it's about time, don't you  -  and to express my opinion of "The Service Men's News." 

Keep up the good work on the "News", a grand job is being done and the paper is an extremely interesting one. The amazing part about the entire thing, to me, is how you manage to collect all your facts and interesting tid-bits about all the fellows, especially when there are guys like me around, guys that are just too doggone lazy to write but who give the excuse  -  "I've been soooooooo busy".

The first marked my eight month of overseas duty on this Island Paradise  -  it truly is a paradise  -  but not if you are staying here longer than a week  -  after that the novelty wears off. Have you been following the write ups in Time and Newsweek about all the bad GIs over here, well t'aint true, we are good little boys. The rebuttal arguments in both magazines have done a much better job of describing conditions that I ever could  -  so  -  nuff said.

In line with Old Gold and their "Something New Has Been Added" series, I too have something to show off. No longer am I a mere "Shave-tail," now I sport the silver bars of a "Foist Lootant"  -  boy, you ought to see the chest expansion  -  had to change shirts four times the first day  -  those darn buttons just wouldn't stay on!

Before closing I want to thank all those who have been so kind in remembering me with the greetings of the holiday season. It was like renewing old acquaintances again seeing all those familiar names in front of me. I repeat, many, many thanks for your thoughts, they were very welcome indeed, especially being over here where the absence of snow and cold, made Christmas seem more a myth than a reality.\\As ever, and hoping to see you soon.

Fred Christoffel
