                                                   Hq. 2[nd] Engr. Am. Brigade
                                                         APO #126 c/o PM, N.Y.
                                                                 22 March 1945

Dear Miss Thompson,

Afraid it's high time I dropped you a few lines anyway. Have done considerable moving around since leaving the foxhole under the apple tree. Never dug a foxhole since then, but there was one night in particular I wish I had. Was almost fantastic but very, very real. Have been out on the Brigade since the first of August. When we first started out we seldom stayed a week at any one location. At present howsoever, we've been in this same spot for over six months. Was a tactical zone when we first arrived (we were almost ordered to move out), but it's now all Com Z. Hope we move soon. Probably see a bit of Germany before we leave the ETO. Maybe we'll be here in the Army of Occupation for a while, too. The South Pacific is also a very likely possibility. Hope we get a furlough to the states before leaving for the Pacific Theatre. One thing certain is that the future hold plenty of changes.

In contrast to our early camping life we're now living in a town house, sleeping in German double deckers, have our own mess hall with tables, chairs, and G.I. stoves, running water and hot showers, and a little football field out in back of the maison. We're really quite lucky, to say the least.

Managing to get some woodworking practice by working as the carpenter. It really pays to keep in practice. Hadn't picked up a tool for about a year and a half when I first started in.

Am enclosing some French money minted by the Germans for French use. Why they had to use an aluminum alloy, only the Germans know. Looks almost like pieces of play money. The British money is just the opposite. What amounts to a couple of dollars in change seems to weigh a ton. French currency minted before the war was made from a copper alloy. At present the franc is worth only a fraction more than two cents.

How is `The Service Men's News' coming along? Got November's copy and the February 9[th] copy of the `Reflector'. Certainly have been a lot of changes in the last year. Trust things are running as smoothly as can be expected down at school.

Such is a summary of the news from this sector up to the present. Let me hear the news from school and the reports that come in from the different outposts when you get a chance to write.

Au revoir.

As ever,

Fred Hoffman 
