UNITED STATES ARMY AIR FORCES
SEYMOUR JOHNSON FIELD
NORTH CAROLINA

July 18, 1943

Dear Miss Thompson  -  

I just received the June issue of the "Service Men's News" and suddenly realized that I have been extremely neglectful as to informing you of my movements.

I belong to one of those unfortunate hurried groups in what was formerly the Air Force Technical Command. During my entire period of service I have been included in one of those speeded up classes. 

My basic training at Miami Beach last year consisted of five days devoted to processing & classification. Then immediate shipment to Scott Field, Illinois, where I graduated the eighteen week radio operator mechanic course  -  only it took us just fifteen & one half weeks.

Two days later I was transferred to Boca Raton Field, Florida, where I studied a five week course in radio mechanics.

After a brief furlough  -  I was sent back to school to study one of these extra-secret courses  -  (another speeded or accelerated one)  -  designed for service in England.

They say we are the first group to study this new set and that we are vitally needed overseas.

Monday we were shipped to this overseas replacement center for final processing. This consists of a final physical check-up  -  completion of our service records  -  and clothing check up. (All used clothing was replaced  -  our superfluous civilian possessions were sent home.)

Our day here begins at 4 A.M. Then follows a strenuous schedule of calisthenics  -  drills  -  lectures  -  exercises etc.

Today I learned that we are going on a (illegible) next week. We shall live in pop tents  -  fire on the range etc.

It will be my first experience of this type. I think I will enjoy it very much!!

It may seem peculiar but I still have not handled a gun or learn to use it. I hope that those few days on the range will give me sufficient knowledge of the proper care and use of that very vital equipment.

Yesterday I inquired of the first sgt. as to the disposition of my O.C.S. papers  -  A.S.T.P. etc. He wouldn't tell me definitely but he implied that all those opportunities will be denied me.

You see I have now had an opportunity in that direction. Though my O.C.S. papers have been completed since last December, I have never had the opportunity to go. There is a ruling in the Technical Command that no student can go to O.C.S. Only graduates & permanent party are eligible.

I have never remained in that category long enough at one field  -  thus I could never make a quota.

Again I am to be denied an opportunity for complete training. The course here is designed to take two months.

Appearances now are that we will get gunnery instruction and that is about all.

It shouldn't be long before I shall be touching the soil of "Old England".

If our fortunes continue in the same manner I doubt very much if we will be given much of an opportunity to see the sites.

They tell us that we are very valuable men and that once we get assigned we'll be very very busy maintaining the vital Radar equipment for our bombers.

My only hope is that I can contribute some necessary efforts towards a successful  -  early conclusion of the war.

Best wishes to all at dear N.S.T.C. Some day I'll be bacl to haunt my old favorite  -  "The Tudor Room".

As ever,

Freddie DeMarzo

P.S. Please excuse the hurried writing. We are given very little free time here. Also we are the first group to take this type train here. Numerous men are pouring in here daily  -  all types of technicians  -  gunners  -  radio men  -  Airplane mechanics etc. One can't help but marvel at the high type fellows we have here. With men like these we can do naught but win!!

