                                                   Hq. 2[nd] Engr. Am. Brigade
                                                         APO #126 c/o PM, N.Y.
                                                                 22 March 1945
                                                                              
Dear Mr. Hutchinson,

Dropping you a few lines to let you know I'm still working the war out here in France.

Very sorry to have heard about Bill Menweg and Walt Jackman. Still a bit hard to believe.

Don't recall or remember how that math trick solving the day when the war will end works. You may have to add four or five months on to that date for the end of the Ferman phase of the war. Hope I'm "all wet" hours [illegible]. Their morale (German's) seems to have been strengthened by their being pushed back into the Vaterland. They're still plenty strong and stubborn.

Have been quite stationery since last writing or since a month after to be more exact. We've been at this location for over six months now. Was a tactical zone when we first arrived (were almost ordered to move back out), but it's strictly Com Z now, I'm sorry to say. Hope we move on soon. The Army is not too bad when you're moving around a lot and seeing new things and places. We'll probably see a bit of Germany before we leave the ETO. The South Pacific, too, is a very likely possibility. Hope we can get a furlough to the states before seeing the South Pacific.

Am now the carpenter for Brigade headquarters. Still help mop floors, cut and haul wood, pull K.P. and fireman, howsoever. We have M.P.'s to pull guard for the outfit now.

Living in a town house, sleeping in German double deckers, have our own mess hall with tables and chairs have hot showers and a little football field out back of the maison. This can't go on forever.

Am enclosing some French coins minted by the Germans for French use. Why they used an airplane alloy is beyond me. Look almost like pieces of play money. Quite different from our heavy English coins.

Such seems to be a summary of all the highlights from here up to the present. Here's hoping we'll all be seeing you soon to swap yarms. Ou revoir.

As ever,

Fred Hoffman
