                                                              Greensboro, N.C.
                                                             September 9, 1943
                                                                              
[Air Force Logo]
UNITED STATES ARMY AIR FORCES

Dear Miss Thompson,

It's high time that I wrote you a letter. That was certainly a very hurried visit I paid you when I was home last. I'm sorry that it had to be that way. Your time is no longer your own when in the Army. This is not easy to get used to. 

The news of Italy's surrender was a very pleasant surprise here in camp. We got a half day off but this was because of the rain. It doesn't rain very often here but when it does the weatherman certainly makes up for lost time.

Have been wondering how things have been in school. Seems peculiar not to be going back to school after Labor Day. Must seem quite different to have only a handful or so of fellows left. No doubt there have been other changes as well.

Will be here in Greensboro for two weeks on Saturday. Have been placed in a casual (soldier who has finished basic and is waiting to be sent to school) squadron where I will remain until sent to school. Am still waiting to be called down to classification so that I may be eligible to be shipped out. This is the usual procedure when you are sent out to another basic training center.

Would undoubtedly be in school right now if I had not had an operation for Appendicitis in Atlantic City. Was quite an interesting experience. Probably was as easy a time as I'll ever have while in the Army. Instead of giving us medical furloughs we got a month of reconditioning at the hospital (drilling, calisthenics, games etc.) Had the honor of being the last one from our school to be ship out of Atlantic City, if that is an honor. The Air Corps is moving or has moved out of Atlantic City, which is to become a recuperation center for overseas casualties. Quite interesting fellows to talk with. No doubt they would talk quite differently to a soldier than they'd talk to a newspaper reporter. Most of the fellows wouldn't trade their experiences for a million dollars but they have no intentions of going back overseas if they can help it. Quite a few will get C.D.D.'s and others will go back to duty in the same type of work or be sent to another school to learn a new job in the Army.

The weather here is very hot (an understatement) during the day but quite cold at night, so cold that you need two blankets to keep warm! Seems hard to believe that most of the trees here loose their leaves by the end of October. They even have snow here in the winter season, but it is not supposed to last for long. The natives here seem quite content with the weather conditions. Many southern soldiers want to become permanent party here so that they can be close to home.

What part of the rural south we saw from the train in the early morning (shipped out at night) was not very prosperous looking. Undoubtedly a lot better than living in some dirty slum area in a large city. Passed quite a few acres of tobacco curing buildings on the way down here (Old Gold and Lucky Strike).

Greensboro is quite an educational town (six colleges  -  three negro). The Cone mills (textile) undoubtedly support most of the population (about 53,000). The camp is only two miles from town. Not much to see when you get there though. Typical of most southern towns near Army camps, I'm told.

About all that's of news up to the present. Maybe that's because I'm used to the Army routine and am no longer impressed with the usual changes. Had KP Sunday. That always leaves its impression. Scrubbing pots and pans from six in the morning until nine at night. Quite a busy day. Will write again when things change.

As ever,

Fred Hoffman
