                                                             Pfc. Fred Hoffman
                                                                  ASN 12094380
                                                            715 Training group
                                                                        ORD #3
                                                        Seymour Johnson Field,
                                                                North Carolina
                                                                              
[Wings with Shield Logo]
U.S. AIR FORCES
SEYMOUR JOHNSON FIELD, N.C.

                                                             February 12, 1944
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson,

Certainly enjoyed my recent brief visit to the school. Things have certainly quieted down from when all the fellow went busy [illegible word crossed out] disrupting the scholarly atmosphere. Everyone seemed to be "right on the beam" as you'd say in the Air Corps. Wish I could have spent more time looking through your album of service men servicemen from the school. You have kept real track of the fellows. It is a real job to keep track of anyone in the Army or Navy.

This field is an overseas replacement depot so it is simply a case of waiting until your name is posted on a shipping list. I can't say where or when (never know anyway). This is something that must be kept quiet as your head depends on it.

Have completed all the required processing and have started pulling details. Only rough detail is K.P. and that is really rough. 

Topography down here is really flat. Don't think that there is a difference of fifteen feet in elevation between any two spots in camp. Soil is very sandy. Still on the Atlantic coastal plain. We're about ninety miles from the ocean. Have never been more than about two hundred and fifty miles from the Atlantic since I've been in the Army.

Has been quite cold down here lately. Probably colder than what it is in Newark. It being very flat here the drainage is never very rapid and there are swamps all around here so it is naturally very damp. Some afternoons have been quite warm  -  too warm to wear a coat in fact. Most of the time it is cold and damp. Sometimes there is a wind blowing just to make you feel the cold a bit more.

Nearest town, Goldsboro, "is a small agricultural center for the country around here. Horse and mule dealers have their stables right in the center of town. Town is large enough to keep there movies going, however, People are not very friendly. There is always a group of [illegible] who come in when a camp first opens up and just make a lot of unnecessary trouble in town. These punks naturally ruin a town for the rest. Can't blame the people at all.

Have a wonderful library here in camp at the Service club. First floor has the book shelves and library table and chairs. The second floor has magazines and [crossed out illegible] is filled mostly with tables and chairs. There are military training posters on all the walls. Have a very good selection of books and magazines. Two books may be taken out at once. Have had good libraries in all the camps that I've been except for Atlantic City  -  but there they had a town library and the Red Cross had a small library at their hospital  -  mostly fiction and magazines. Spend many idle moments on detail time waiting around in the Army. Write when you can and let me hear how things are at school. As ever, Fred Hoffman
 
