                                                                Friday July 13
                                                            Normandy, As Usual

Dear Miss Thompson, 

	2 days ago I received the Service Men's New + today your V-mail letter. 
	It sure was good to read the bulletin + find out where all boys are + what they are doing. 
	Mrs. Smith had written me about Ralph and I sure was sorry to hear about. He really was a swell a fellow + I'm sure everyone of us will miss him a heck of a lot. He was always around to do a needed favor + was always full of good cheer. 
	"College Daze" is something that we'll always remember, especially those that were in it. 
	Since I wrote you last, I started to work on Heavy Equipment + did that for about a month. 
	Right now we're back to the way we lived in the training areas. We are now reviewing our former training in preparing for the future. What is the future, we don't know but we have our ideas. I might get a chance to see how the rest of the world lives. 
	Last weekend I had a daypass to Paris and really enjoyed myself, though I could spend two or three weeks going all around the city. The only thing we managed to [illegible] to see the outside of most of the places because of the short length of time.
	We saw most of the places you read about + study about in school. Arc De Triomphe, Napoleon's Tomb, Champs Elysees, The Louvre, The Opera. 
                                                                  Sat. July 14
Sorry I couldn't finish this last night but the boys pulled me out for some volleyball. 
	To get back to my Paris trip I also saw the Military School. Place de la [illegible] (Fashion center of Paris), Hotel de Ville, Sacre Couer, Notre Dame, Modeleine, Eiffel Tower.
	Paris is really the place and I'm sure glad to be able to have seen it. 
	Today wasn't bad at all  -  drill, calisthenics, an inspection and an orientation class + this afternoon we had some organised athletics (volleyball) + then a [illegible] party. 
	What the future holds for us, well we have our ideas.
	I guess that's all for now  -  regards to everyone at school. 

	Cecil
