THIRTY-THIRD SERVICE SQUADRON
May 2, 1943
Dear Miss Thompson,
Your letters are read and reread so I can absorb all the interesting news that you so cleverly compiled. I do enjoy your letters very much and look forward to them. Though I know it must be a tremendous job keeping in touch with scattering men from Newark State, yet the enjoyment you spread to news hungry hearts should be gratifying. 
Our Newark "fancy steppers" are in the limelight again. The clipping give a comprehensive picture of good talent put to use for a good cause. The picture took me back to the Library Council play "Noble Experiment", and the fun we had in putting our time to good advantage. I'll forget the veil(sp?) dance we did, and those graceful leaps (little drawing)!!!

Lorraine wrote and told me a little about the Bazaar held at the college. To my amazement, she said that the biggest attraction was Miss Thompson reading tea leaves! Good heaven's, what next!!! Miss Thompson, have you been holding out on us or is that something you concocted at the spur of the moment. I know you to be a woman of many accomplishments, but tea leaves never entered my mind as being one of your fancies. I'll bet it was the hit of the Bazaar. I would have liked to have been there. Congratulations on the large sum that was gathered for a worthy cause. It shows the ingenious workmanship of cooperative teamwork, the teachers and students.
I'm glad to hear so many good reports about brother Ed. He really is a swell "kid", pardon me, he'd resent being called that, correction, swell individual. He wrote and told me what a grand reception he received at school and how glad he was to see all the old friends again. I can picture what he means. He spoke highly of you, Miss Thompson, but I'm afraid I enjoy the advantage of having worked 3 years longer than Ed had the pleasure of know you. He spoke highly of the school girls too, especially about a certain girl from Nutley, maybe he's revealed that secret to you, I don't want to give him away. I too am enjoying swell correspondence from a senior, Laura Enrico(sp?). She writes quite regular and interesting letters too. Could you tell me more about Laura? I'm afraid she's a bit modest in her letters and won't tell me much about herself. She writes and states that she thinks you're very regular  -  in fact she thinks you're swell!!!
The news about Hally(sp?) Cloves was very interesting. I'm glad to hear that he's in service and I would like to correspond with him. Do you have his address? I did keep in touch with him when I was still in the States, but lost contact soon after I arrived in foreign service. I hear that Harper Prince would like to know my address. The feeling is mutual. I, too, would like to have his address. I feel as if I'm writing to the bureau of missing persons, yet I'm not far from wrong. Uncle Sam has done a swell job of scattering our boys to the winds. How do you manage to keep all of us under your thumb.
Thanks again for the school newspaper. The reflector and the Service Men's News are much to be desired. I wouldn't think of having you take me off the list. Whenever I receive the school papers, I feel myself drifting through those immortal doors, where many men and women have passed and read, "He who dares to teach, must never cease to learn." Those papers are really serving a hundred fold.
Enclosed please find a few snap shots of scenes that are typical of this Caribbean area. I hope I can be back soon to greet all those friendly people at Newark State Teachers College. Have no fear about the Spanish women, Miss Thompson. I heed your sound advice and know about the wonderful girls at N.S.T.C. It is my constant thought to see you all in the very near future. Regards to all, especially Miss Thompson.
Sincerely,
George

P.S. Notice the change in Rank!! - 
