Okinawa Shima
30 July 1945

Dear Miss Thompson,

The new issue of the Servicemen's News reached me and I feel completely brought up to date. Some of the news was a bit shocking, especially hearing the news about our Pete Cummins(sp?). I was deeply shocked to hear of Pete's death. Knowing him so well from school, it was hard to reach the bad news and believe it!

All the news was a swell orientation of friends from N.S.T.C. and a most welcomed publication. Thank you and the committee for this service in helping us out in the field well up on home affairs.

We arrived on Okinawa on June 3[rd], in time to join the First Division and along with them until the island was secured on 21[st] of June. Our work finds us working with civilians along with Military Government and the work up to date is very interesting. There's something happening here every day. We've captured quite a few Jap soldiers up to date, and we hear many interesting stories of how these soldiers are captured. One tale in particular which I thought was very interesting, happened about a week or so ago. We usually have movies outdoors and it's one of the greatest feeling I've had sitting under open skies, bright moon shining overhead and cool breeze blowing. In this particular camp they had a movie going on this evening when someone saw four Japs silhouetted up in the hills, watching the movie. A patrol was set up to break up their party. Yes, they're roaming about the island yet, but slowly we're rounding them up in small groups and surprisingly they're a docile group when held without arms.

I've written to Vinnie Samanski(sp?) in Oaka(sp?), but as yet haven't heard a word! Guess his letter writing is concentrated on one little girl in Orange, N.J. I can't blame him for that.

My letters are still being addressed to that little Irish girl I was telling you about when I saw you last in the State and surprisingly, I've been overseas five months and she still continues to write. That really tickles me, because the last thing I ever expected was to keep this contact so long since I'm out of the States! Now I'm sure if Arlene continues to correspond, she'll have a married man on her hands!

Brother Ed! working for the summer and will continue for another year at N.Y.U. Brother Frank is still stationed at Stewart Field and enjoying weekly visits homes. Have you heard that Frank & Connie will be proud parents sometime in the fall? Yep, another Bizlwicz coming up and who knows, maybe possessing the attributes of a school teacher.

I still correspond with Harper Pearce, who is teaching in Plainfield, N.J., and has a budding little family coming along. He's having a happy time of it there and I envy him. It's really a situation worth looking to.

Little more to say except that I'm enjoying good health and morale is very high.

Regards to all at N.S.T.C. and my best wishes to you.

Sincerely,

George
