                                                                  24 July 1944
My Dear Miss Thompson,
	I know it is not polite to start a letter by apologizing, but I am very sorry that I did not write you a letter any sooner. I have been very busy  -  not as busy as some of the boys who are getting all the dirty work abroad, but busy enough.
	I have moved several times since I last dropped you a line, as you can see by the envelope I am returning to you. Since my last letter I have been stationed in Florida, and now it is Georgia. From what I have seen of both states, they can give them back to the Indians.
	In Florida I received my Primary Flight training, which consisted of about sixty five hours in a PT-17. (The ship in the snap shot) The field at which I was stationed in Florida was a civilian school under contract by the air forces. It was really a beautiful place. To tell the truth it was more like a country club.
	The field I am now stationed at is just the opposite. It is strictly "Army." We live in tar paper barracks, compared to the white stucco of Fla. I forgot to mention, I am now in Basic Training (Flight). I am almost finished with my course here and expect to ship to advanced in the very near future.
	This will bring me one step closer to my long awaited goal. That is receiving my commission and most of all those silver wings. I do hope every thing works out as planned.
	In reading over the June issue of "Service Men's News" I found it to be the most interesting one put to press. Oh yes! Im very sorry to hear of Walt Jackman's death. Walt was a swell boy and everyone liked him.
	While home on furlough I had the pleasure of meeting Dr. Dix. I was very much interested in his article in the June issue of "Service Mens News." I don't believe I can answer any of his questions right now, but I can say I wish this job was over, and I had a good home cooked meal and my own soft bed at night. I want to say a lot about education the army way, but I just can't seem to find the fe words. Maybe when I come home again I could explain.
	It is getting late and I have to fly a cross country flight tomorrow. This trip is about three hundred miles, and I need a little sack time. (sleep)
	So  until I see you all again, or hear from you through the service mens news, I'll say So long for now.
                                                                    Sincerely,
                                                            George F McCarthy 
(Michael Collins)
