                                                  England  -  Eighth Air Force
                                                     Wednesday, March 21, 1945
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson,

Surprise! Yes, I'm still put in the same place.

When I was home on furlough in June 1943, I recall how you pleasantly scolded me for causing you trouble because I was always on the move. Well, life has become a bit more stable, and I don't go to sleep these days with my barracks bag packed. In fact, this April 25 will commemorate one year that I have been stationed on this wonderful base. Before I got married, I'd often visit Cambridge, and pay a social call a King's College or Christ College. Very lovely place and very nice grounds about the various colleges. Well, after my wedding, I am strictly London bound, and with the wife by my side, we take in all the sights and places that London have to offer. This coming may, I have a furlough coming up, and the wife and I anticipate spending a week at Blackpool, a sea coast city facing the Atlantic Ocean in Lancashire (western England.) My last trip to southern England was grand, as we had nice weather, and also because it was our honeymoon! Well, here I am talking about myself, without even asking "how you are, and what's news in Newark?" I do hope that everything is progressing along fine at the college. I sure would like to write individually, and tell them of my interesting experiences over here but my time isn't great enough for that task. Secondly, I think my "American wife to be" will be better capable of discussing Britain with the faculty, better than I. She is very eager to reach New Jersey, and to settle down to real home life, since the Jerries still disturb the peace of London these days. Nevertheless, they've lost the war, and know it. However, we can't afford to relax our [illegible], so that they can rise again, stronger than before.

Everything here at the base is fine. My "cousin", Sid Krueger is still on the continent and will probably remain there for quite a time to come, I believe. Well, that's about all the news from here. In this letter, my wife and I want to express our sincerest wishes to you and the faculty for a fine Easter Holiday  -  and may we find our boys home from celebrating in real American spirit and hospitality. 

Yours sincerely  - 

George and Rita
