Aug. 20 `44

Dear Miss Thompson:

I guess you must feel that I am rather lazy. Well I guess I am. We've been off the front sometime now and I've had loads of time to write but I'm getting laziar daily. As yet we don't know what the immediate future holds for us but we are still in Italy hoping for peace before we go back to combat on one of the Allied fronts. What ever the future holds for my unit my post, since returning from the Hospital after recovering from my wound has been quite busy. I returned after July 4[th]. I guess my last letter to Mr. Sloane was a few days before that. I wrote to him on, what I thought was my last day at the Personal Depot. I guess I didn't feel any & happy since, when I wrote the letter I hadn't been able to get to the San Carlo Opera House in Naples. However I mailed that letter and returned to my tent. There they told us we wouldn't leave until the following day so I got a pass and went to town. Got to the opera just as it started. They had only one seat left at the high cost of 30 cents. I took it and started up. I guess I should have taken an oxygen mask with me because by the time I finished I felt as though I was in the stratosphere. I really was in the top most gallery just under the House ceiling. The opera turned out to be Madam Butterfly. Outside of the fact that Butterfly was played and sung by a typical Italian Diva the entire performance can successfully challenge the Metropolitan. I don't think I have ever gotten more for my money or spent 20 cents for a more enjoyable time before.

Upon returning to my own company I took over as gunner on the 60mm mortar again and we moved out soon after. I guess there isn't to much that can be told about it but it did bring some interesting things out. In one place we cleared Jerry all around and were sitting along the road eating breakfast while our patrols reconoitered the town ahead. Three of us were sitting there sharing some chow when one fellow noticed a woman staring rather sullenly at us. He pointed to us and said "Americano's" but the sullen face didn't change. We thought she was probably one of the many fascists we thought would be in Tuscany. I had some hard candy in my pocket so I took it out and threw it to her. She looked at the candy and her face lit up. Off she took and soon we all were fairly swamped with Italians leaving water, milk (the first I've had in a year) and fruit. It was a nice reception and a good time for us. However a few days later and further north we had another kind of reception. It seemed like a 4[th] of July celebration however my company was lucky since we cleared our area and were in solid houses by the time Jerry started tossing stuff.

From that point my unit pulled back for rest and we did. For 2 weeks we did nothing but eat and sleep. I got a job as a lifeguard on the beach for the time and was having a wonderful time when my 5 day pass to Rome came up. Well I needn't tell you how good that was since it was my first pass or furlough in all the time I've been in the Army. We arrived in Rome at about 2 P.M. on a Friday and were almost civilians till 6 P.M. the following Tuesday. No rules no regulations no MPs to bother you. Rome is really heaven to combat men. Men who have formerly been combat soldiers, for the most part, staff the offices there, those MPs who are needed there are under orders to see that the combat man has a good time. The A.R.C. has set up tour services and you get to see the important things of Rome with an English speaking Italian as your guide. The thing that gave me the biggest thrill in Rome was the visit to the Vatican. St. Peter's is even more beautiful then description makes it but the most impressive thing of the Vatican visit is the Pope's audience. We went up to the room "it held in" and some of us decided to take pictures of his entrance. As for me I was so impressed by the beauty and quietness of the Papal parties entrance I forgot to snap my camera. However it was well worth it. Rome itself is about the only modern place in Italy. Its stores have plenty, its streets are clean, the people are neat and well dressed, the young girls are like those in the states and so very many of the Romans speak English that for a while you think your home. Rome to me proved to be 5 days of happy gay carefree sightseeing. I hope I get the same chance in Paris.

Once back in the company we trained for a few days and then were put on a special guard. It's a good deal too. Work 12 out of 48 hrs and sleep in buildings. I have a regular bed ina room with two other Sgts. Don't know how long it will last but while its here I'm getting plenty of sleep on a bed.

I wrote that I had seen Bill Harrel in the hospital to Mr. Sloan. Since then I haven't seen him but I hope he has gotten back to the states. 

As to my personal doings, there are very little. I'm still in a 60mm mortar squad however I am in charge of the squad. Under the system of Rotation Furlough used now, each company sends home a man or two for a 30 day and traveling time furlough. One of the Sgts. in my section went home but his rating is held for him so I moved up and took his squad. Now I am an acting Sgt. I'll probably be one for a long while since we have 4 men  -  all Sgts who will be going one after another and as one comes back I'll fill the others place. Anyhow I'm afraid I can't join the ranks of the non-coms and officers of the college but it makes me feel good to know that a lot of our boys are helping Uncle Sam run his Army.

I have the rest of the day off (don't have to post my relief till 11PM) so I'm going to enjoy a Red Cross movies and then some of their Ice Cream.

Hope I'll be seeing you all soon. Give my best regards to all and tell Mr. Sloan I'll write him soon.

Seoye
