                                                               Sunday, July 30
                                                                 England, B.I.
                                                                              
Dear Dr. Dix,

I received the June issue of N.S.T.C. Servicemen's News, and read with keen interest your editorial upon problems and education in the postwar period.

You throw the challenge to us to express our thoughts on the subject. And I, as a party of one, accept that challenge. When I was attending college to become a teacher, education in the schools was fundamental and local in its scope. The basic subjects were still present, and the purposes behind it were to broaden and enrich the childrens' minds and experiences, so that they could accept responsibility as citizens of their own community and cities. I say that's fine and I still agree with that objective  -  but at this point, I inject my own opinion: Greater emphasis should be placed upon education with an [illegible] "international background." As the years pass, and education progresses, we are discovering that the world is getting smaller and smaller. Transportation of modern means has brought remote places out of seclusion and into importance. We are a producing nation, and we will want markets to sell our goods. Economics will be world wide in importance. Our American families may not all be affected by American international commercialism, but I'll wager that a great many of us will, and will affect our children too. 

My suggestion is that subjects like history and geography, arts & music, social and personal hygiene, and vocational training contain more pertinent curricula training to include information on foreign nations. Yes, we may be the most advanced nation in the world today, but it would be to our advantage to learn other's improvements. Lets make geographical names meaningful to children, so that places like Egypt are not remembered as the "cradle of civilization" alone  -  but thats its production of cotton has a direct effect on the selling power of our southern states in the cotton market, or Africa or India or any other foreign land. Remove the name and make its background meaningful to children, so they will realize their community is directly tied in with any move that the United States govt. makes in world commercialism. That is my first suggestion.

My second suggestion is rather radical in education, but I hope to live to see its fulfillment. The inclusion of a course in the elementary system, which I would call "dynamic electrics and mechanics." It would be a simple introduction to the basic features of electrical and mechanical operations. Formerly, much electrical and mechanical study was incorporated in science. Also, if a boy wasn't fitted for elementary study, he wasn't carries on as a student in an elementary school, but transferred to a trade school. I hope that time will prove the fallacy of this system. I have no solution for this, but would welcome a better system or method. There was a usual statement that electric and mechanics were boys subjects. However, this war proved that in emergency or through necessity the young women had to replace men in occupations that we always considered male jobs. Thus, I feel that this subject if treated in a simple and straight forward way would open a path to modern progress, for you boys or girls.

My third suggestion is the compulsory inclusion of a civics course in every elementary school, whether it be rural or urban. Stress must be placed upon American government, and the important advantages of being an American citizen. I think it's the best country in the world, and I'd like our children to be thoroughly imbued with the same feeling and thoughts. That sums up some of the thoughts that I had about education and the school.

Your first question is "What will veterans need?" First of all, I'd like a job training school. I graduated in June, 1942 and a month later entered the armed forces. I didn't have any opportunity to put my four years of college learning into actual teaching. I wonder to myself what my chances of securing a position are. I have been away from the teaching field two years now, and should the war end tomorrow, and I were to be interviewed for a position and asked, "what experience have you, son?" I'd have to tell the educated Supt. Of Schools, two years of service for my country as a radio technician. Irrelevant of personality and character, would I be accepted? That's a question I have asked myself many times over. If I do receive the position, I feel that more training would definitely be needed. That is why the govt. has included in the G.I. Bill of Rights, a clause allowance of $500 per year for servicemen who desire to continue their interrupted education, plus $50 for each month's subsistence. It brings to mind the favorite inscription on the entrance walls of our college stating that "he who dares to teach must never cease to learn." I shall never forget that quotation. And so, even our government realizes today that our veterans will need to depend on the American Educational System to train them for readjustment from war time work to civilian positions. I'm sure that our schools are ready to handle the task, and to meet those realistic problems that arise with realistic thinking. Its got to be done and it will be done. I still believe that the pen is mightier than the sword. Lets prove it with the beginning of peace.

George Kliman
