To: Miss Thompson
       44 A James Street
       Newark, New Jersey

From: Lt. G.J. Bizlowicz 
   0587627
   496[th] CIC Detach.
   San Francisco, Calif.
   Somewhere in the Pacific

Dear Miss Thompson,

We're getting to be old seaman after roaming the Pacific for many days, and I must say it has been the most comfortable trip that I have experienced since I've been in the service. We are now anchored at our second Port of Call since we embarked from the Island of Oahu. This particular one has quite a bit of vegetation in comparison to the last and there is little or no evidence of any conflict taking place here. They tell me natives inhabit this island, and they're known to use grass skirts as their only covering. We've stood aft of the bridge deck morning with our power glasses, but couldn't as much see a palm tree move, let alone a native. Guess they're in hibernation, probably better for us that they are.

We're still on our way to a forward area. We're attached to the 10[th] Army, and your papers at home should keep you well posted on its accomplishments.

Life aboard grows boring at times, and reading these paper bound novels, fiction and non-fiction put out by the Special Service Forces is one of our best habits and great time absorber, if there is such a word. Next in line comes cards, and the inevitable sack time which many cannot shy away from. I believe these boys will be well rested by the time we reach our final destination. 

The food aboard ship is the best I have tasted in quite some time. We eat three meals a day without doing a stitch of work for it, but we all know that the time will come, but soon. In spite of inactivity we're still able to consume the three meals and feel quite content with our positions. Just like plutocrats!

The Navy furnishes movies aboard whenever we're in port, and such has been the case these past days. The films may be a bit outdated, by show any serviceman anything on the high seas and he is a contented soul. Some of the pictures that have played to date: Skylark, Claudett Colbert, I Can't Help Singing, Derben doing the honors in that one. One other source of entertainment is the recordings put out by the Armed Forces Radio Program where we hear the transcribed programs so popular in the States. Bob Hope, our swooner Frankie, Bing Crosby, some semi-classical programs, like the All Girl Orchestra, and Kosterlonetz (sad attempt at spelling) are popular programs we enjoy en route to... Somewhere in the Pacific!

I hope to hear from Vinnie in the near future. One of the hardest things to take is the suspension of mail service until we hit our final destination, and I haven't had a letter in Lord knows when. My best regards to Miss Lipson, Mr. Hatch, Dangola, and the other faculty members of dear ole N.S.T.C. Best regards to you.

Sincerely,

George
