January 26, 1943
Dear Miss Thompson,

I received your gift of swell handkerchiefs, and really appreciate your thoughtfulness. I know I should have written sooner to you, but I became so involved in my so called extra-curricula activities (no girls this time) that I kept putting it off until I received your latest Communique, via V-mail, that I couldn't bear waiting any longer. I can just picture the situation I'd be in if I were in the vicinity of the college, and within reaching distance of your voice. I'll never forget the tongue lashing I received in the halls of Newark State one afternoon, and I can still feel my ears burning. I hope you'll overlook my tardiness.

Your latest letter was very enlightening, and I enjoyed reading all the news. I didn't think you would receive the letter I sent the college in reference to the service paper, and the little Christmas gift, otherwise I would have made the letter personal instead of formal. The first thing that I thought of was that I hadn't written you, and that I had better get busy. You mentioned the board that the college has in the auditorium showing the geographical location of all the students at school, as near as possible. I sure would like to see it. It was a clever idea alright, and I think I would give the credit to Miss Thompson for that accomplishment. It seems that you are connected with all matters concerning men in service. That sure is a tremendous job to keep up, and as big a morale builder as any I've seen. Congratulations on your splendid work!

I keep in touch with Vinnie (Buzz) and he seems to be doing nicely. As near as I can judge, my guess is that he is located somewhere near Samoa in the South Pacific. I hope Vinnie takes good care of himself, but from past experience I know that he is well qualified in that capacity, don't you think?

I've been corresponding with Lorraine Kennedy, and she kind of keeps me in touch with some of the news in the vicinity of the Oranges. Swell person this Miss Kennedy. She helps keep up some of the morale in this mans Army.

Brother Ed. is still located at Stinson Field, San Antonio Texas, working in the capacity as a Mechanic. He writes and tells me that he has placed application for Air Cadet. I'm not sure that I like the idea so much. Mom doesn't like it at all. In any event I hope that he finds his little niche in the mans Army, and gets the most out of his accomplishments. I've yet to find my place in the Army. I know what I want, but I'll have to wait patiently until the proper time comes. I'll keep you informed as to the progress, and all the details will follow later.

We've started our Squadron basketball tournament, and we are doing very well. As it stands at present, the fighting 33[rd] Serv. Sq. has not lost a game in 2 starts and we have visions of an undefeated season. Basketball, along with photography, help occupy most of my time at the base. Being an active member of the camera club, I find that there are quite a lot of boys here that take pictures and want them processed. So, I fit into the picture by processing for them. Not a bad business and it helps keep me in small change.

I also made up my own Christmas cards, which most of the soldiers wanted to order. So you can see that I manage to keep busy.

Here is a queer thing that happened at our base theatre the other night. We went to see Madaline Carrell, and Stirling Hayden in "Bahama Passage", which was an entertaining show. The women that played Stirling Hayden's mother, acted queer all through the picture, and gave all indications of being insane. At one of the climatic parts of the picture she drops dead, and at this point the soldiers began clapping and expressed satisfaction that she died. Now it's beyond me to figure out why these sons of Uncle Sam acted this way, but then again, that is another thing we can't understand about Army life.

One good thing that we all like about army life is pay day. We were just paid this morning, and now everyone seems to be in a very high state of financial affairs, including Biz. It's odd to see the soldiers coming off the pay line, and handing bills to would be creditors. Before he finishes running the gauntlet of high finances, said soldier has enough to keep him going another week. Not a happy state of affairs, but some people have not learned to budget properly even in our Army.

Sending you the best wishes from our land of tropical sunshine and wishing I could send you some of it at this time, knowing how cold it must be in New Jersey at this part of the year. I tried to send you a cocoanut, and may get one to you yet. Give my regards to Miss Lipson and other friends from N.S.T.C.

Sincerely,

"Biz"
