Kobe, Japan
21 October 1945

Dear Miss Thompson,

Here I am back again to bring you up to date on the "Globe Trotter", one George J. Bizlewicz.

I received your newsy letter Miss Thompson, and it was swell catching up on all the "doings(sp?)" about school friends and school activities.

With the war over, I presume everyone in and of the Army, and school enrollments are rolling in like army selective service did back during those hectic days. At least it seems that everyone is being discharged but me.

About the time the peace terms were in force, I was happily taking things easy at a CIC training school in Manila. We were to prepare for the Olympic invasion that was to hit the Japanese homeland on or about October of this year. You can imagine the jo with which we welcomed this peace news, far from all briefing we received, it would have been another bloody battle to go down in the annals of history.

As it turned out, we were assigned to "I" Corps for this Army Occupation and moved on up to a staging area in Lizon(sp?) where we spent a month preparing for this more and having ourselves a bit of recreation for diversion. I'm still as active as ever and I don't think I'll ever slow up a bit until Mr. Heart Trouble sets in to put a stop to all this sports activity.

Softball occupied most of our stay at Lizon(sp?) until we boarded our L.S.T. for Japan, on the 16[th] of September.

Our trip was a smooth one, but I can't account for two days out of the eight we spent traveling on water. Somewhere I recall favoring supreme position and suffering a loss of appetite.

The L.S.T. made it's landing on the beach of Wakayama and here we unloaded our vehicles and supplies and troubled to the town we're to occupy, the town of Kobe. On the way up to Kobe, we were amazed at the destruction wrought by our B-29s. All factory districts in the towns we passed were virtually wiped out and the accuracy of our bombers left the business districts intact. It was amazing to see all bridges standing, street cars running, and the power lines almost intact. The roads suffered little and the factories and industrial areas were completely wiped out. The Japanese people were licked before we ever dropped our atomic bomb. We could see undernourishment written in their faces and bearing the burden of the war. The vehicles were all equipped with burners for fuel. There is no gasoline in Japan for civilian use. The people wear no shoes. The favorite footwear is wooden clogs with the split toe, or rubber sneakers with the split toe.

The children are remarkably very much like ours. No matter where you drive, they crowd the streets and wave and shout a welcome that's hearty. The people from 15 years of age and up are a solemn bunch, but I can't blame them for feeling so bitter towards us. Then again, the story also works vice versa and they should feel lucky that American are occupying Japan and not the Russians. As yet I just can't warm up to these Japanese and somehow I distrust every one I meet. I for one am not going to give them an opportunity of pulling any sly stunts on me, not if I can help it.

You should see our perfect CIC set up here in the outskirts of Kobe. We are occupying what was an international hotel, recently build, I'd say about 1938 or '39. During the war this place was used as an experimental laboratory by radio technicians. When we found the place secluded among the hills, it still contained all the machinery and equipment. The conveniences are many. We have our unit of 18 men billeted here, have our own mess, two to a room, hot showers and bath, steam heat, a wonderful day room and about the best view overlooking the town of Kobe as ever you've seen. Now if I had no ties at hom this army of occupation in Japan would really be a picnic.

I'm supply officer of the detachment and along with building maintenances, I've acquired motor maintenance officer and a few other additional duties to keep me busy. But I enjoy the work and look forward from day to day for my points to reach a critical score level so that I can return to the State, settle down and raise that family I have been planning all these years. 

I have a total of seventy-one points as of V-J Day, but there is little news as to when I'll be sent back to the States. Boys with 80 and 75 are still awaiting call, so my plans, "home by Christmas" look like they're not going to materialize. When I do get back, expect to see a civilian in your midst and oh yes, I'd like you to meet a Miss Mary Arlene Jemett, a little cute Irish colleen(sp?) who has been taking up quite a bit of my time. I know you'll like her.

Enclosed is a recent snapshot taken about two weeks ago by one of these Jap professional photographer. Not too good a job but acceptable. 

Sending regards to everyone back at N.J.T.C., Mr. & Mrs. Don, Mr. Hitch, Mr. Sloan, and etc. Not to forget Miss Lipson.

Still no word from Vinnie. Has he married Bea as yet, and what is he waiting for.

 I still enjoy hearing all the news, but maybe soon I'll be getting in first hand.

The best of health to you. Hoping to get back home soon!

Sincerely,

George

