THIRTY-THIRD SERVICE SQUADRON
July 21, 1943

Dear Miss Thompson,
I'm afraid I should be the one to offer apologies for not writing so soon. Your interesting letters are finding me very well, and following me here to my new base. I was most shocked and surprised that you had my new A.P.O. number before I had time to tell you of the change. News really does travel fast.
My copy of the school paper arrived the other day for June, and it was a most welcomed sight. I noticed that our boys from Newark bear marks of distinctions wherever they go. Officers material seams to be the general run of things and it's good to see such fellows like Pat Doherty, Fred Christoffel, Amico Cloves, etc. sporting bars. Just about makes me envious, but I'm afraid I just about missed out on this swell deal. Nothing of importance to report on my O.C.S. I hear that schools may be discontinued next month and candidates awaiting call, are still hopefully waiting for some word of encouragement!
I was looking forward, very much to coming back and renewing acquaintances and generally being back in that home environment  -  New Jersey. I really miss all that goes with it very much.
Many thanks for that wonderful picture of Brother Ed. He really looks the picture of health and that type that makes him a mark for the ladies. I can understand the reason for the girls flocking when he dropped in at school. Swell boy., our Eddie, I hope he can get back real soon and finish up those 3 big years he has ahead of him. 
News of Birkner getting married was no shock to me, but learning that Clovis Gagnon(sp?) had made the final step was great news! Clovis was always the one for surprises  -  and I hope he has a happy married life.
Now for a little local color of this new section in the British West Indies. We're still in the Caribbean area and a boat ride was our means of transportation. This weak constituted individual begs to admit that he was sea sick on what was called calm waters. It will never do for me to sail the Atlantic! I'm a land lubher, spelled lover. Our base looks more like the States than the last one. The natives here are a dark indian, in fact I'd go so far to as to say that they are really black.
The exchange of currency is English and our pay envelopes, when and if we get them, will contain denomination of pounds and shillings. (I'd like a ton). These natives speak English wonderfully well, and as you mentioned this "toodle-as old chaffie", they also answer with a "pip, pip." Plenty of fruit, especially bananas. It isn't unusual to see scores of natives with huge stalks of bananas on their head using the old method of transportation in getting about, namely have feet and not very neat! This island is scattered with banana plantations, but they do grow sugar cane, pineapple, citrus fruits, and nuts. We have no banana shortage here. A shilling, equivalent to 25₵, practically buys a stalk of bananas. The U.S.O. serves bananas free for breakfast. In fact I'm getting banana conscious(sp?)!!! The scenery here is beautiful. Wonderful for photography. You can expect some extraordinary pictures from me in the very near future.
Last Sunday, I visited the (crossed out) (crossed out) and saw of the prettiest (crossed out) grown. They were huge in size, and had lovely tones of pink and purple. I snapped some of this natural beauty and will forward when the pictures are available.
Brother Ed is attending Oklahoma A.M. broadening his background in engineering. Isn't that a break.
Vinnie writes and reports that everything is well in his particular section  -  but still frets about Bea. Do you have any hope for him with her. Your womanly instinct is law with me now!
Enclosed, more pictures and a clipping that I thought would be apropos at this time of the year. I hopw the censor lets it get through. 
Sending my best wishes always, and I hope I can drop in on you unexpectingly in the near future.

George Bizlewicz

