September 25, 1942

Dear Miss Thompson,

You can't imagine how happy I was to receive your elegant letter. I dove into the contents like a starved reader, devouring the information as if it were vital for national defense. But honestly, it really is great to hear from you, hear about all those familiar classmates and school chums and hear how well they are doing in the service of their country. They seem to be going places and doing things  -  really big things, whereas I'm just about getting started.

Hearing familiar patter about the good old alma mater really sets my pulse beating again. Enrollment time about the 16[th] of Sept, but days in class, N.Y.A. work in the afternoons in back of the library, and fancy lectures from a certain Miss Thompson. How well I remember!! Seems like yesterday and always a pleasant memory of this type to keep one going when the spirit begins to drop.

In spite of all the confusion that took place this summer, I was glad to hear you were able to get a little relaxation. From your description of the enrollment figures of the men for this semester, it looks like our lovely co-eds will have to look to the men in uniform to keep (illegible) in social affairs. What's to become of Alumni day and the traditional Library Casual Tea!!! What strong lucky man is going to carry the tea urn up to the reference room and help carry it back when the affair is over. And what men are going to devour all those fancy cookies that Miss Thompson so delicately picks out for such an auspicious occasion. Gosh I can see some big problems arising back at school, but I guess Dr. Schaffer will have to figure those things out for himself.

Your v-mail was very exclusive! It was the first the first one I had ever received during my stay here and I must say one of the best! No, it isn't necessary to send v-mail to this vicinity, but the air-mail is important. This land of palm trees, pineapples, and sugar cane doesn't come under the jurisdiction of v-mail service, (illegible) is mail censored when it comes here from the states.

I guess I should explain a little of type of work that I'm doing. I'm connected with Technical Orders in Aviation, similar to reference work in a school library except that it deals with work of a technical nature. I can't explain my position because of the censor limitations, but that is the set up in a nut shell. I'm enjoying my work very much because it gives me an opportunity to study the technical set up for aviation. Looks like the learning process never ceases, even in the Army. 

I'm forwarding a newspaper from our area, which will give you an idea of the vicinity I'm in, unless Frank, brother Frank, has already told you. I wish I could write more of what is happening and what I'm doing, but I'm afraid our censor just wouldn't like it a bit. I know you realize the reason for all of this, so I had better let well enough alone.

Have you heard anything of Artie Menzel, how his status is or how he's doing? I'm written to him but seemed to have lost contact!

How is my friend Miss Lipson? Give her my regards and tell her I haven't forgotten her in all my travels. 

We're preparing our Christmas package mail now so that it has plenty of time to reach the states. You'll read this in the paper I'm sending! Seems a little early to be worrying about Christmas, but that's just how it is.

They're starting basketball and softball leagues here and you know how I can get involved in athletics. I know where a lot of free time will be spent in the next few weeks. 

In closing I hope this finds you in good health and ready for a hectic semester of work. Looking forward to your letters.

Sincerely,

G. Bezlewicz
