September 11, 1942

Dear Miss Thompson,

This Pvt. Geo. J. Bizlewicz reporting in good health, a little wealth, and of sound mind and character. That should take in everything, although I might add that I'm still in a happy frame of mind in spite of all I've been through these last three months.

I have just received your post card and can't help but admire that admirable picture of Newark State Teachers College. Gosh it brought back a lot of pleasant memories of my few happy (happiest) years I can ever hope to have. You can't imagine how it pepped me up and brought me out of the gloom. 

Let me give you a little summary of what has taken place. I was shipped out of Miami Beach July 4, and traveled through the month of July to arrive at our destination on August 8. We are situated somewhere in the tropics. Where? I'm not allowed to disclose, but at an air base and still attached to the Army Air Corps. We are in a censor zone and facts of military importance are cut out. Mail incoming from the states is not subject to censorship. We are comfortably situated, living in concrete barracks, tile showers, spacious sleeping rooms, a real reading room, a posh library, a service club, swimming pool, and just loads of activities to keep a soldier busy if he gets any time off. I'm really enjoying it very much. This healthy life, bright sun and the best of food is keeping me as fit as a fiddle. My only trouble is worrying about my hair. Right now I'm beginning to look like my brother Frank  -  gosh  -  can you imagine what I'll look like when the war is over!

I received a letter from Vinnie (illegible) (after many months) and he tells me he's attending Officer Candidate School at Aberdeen, Maryland. I knew he would get somewhere with all that ability he possesses  -  he just couldn't miss. 

Brother Eddie is attending Airplane Mechanics school at Long Island City and doing a good job too. He likes it very much and still pals out with tall Joe O'Sullivan, who is attending Airplane Mechanics school at Cory Jones. Our Newark State boys seem to be giving a good account of themselves But then we had the best students in the State of New Jersey, didn't we.

Have you heard through channels that (illegible) and I are through for good? If I didn't tell you, you would probably find out anyway so I won't hold out on you. Might I add that I should have listened to your sound advice when you were preaching to me about her? Remember to give me a good calling down the next time I see you. Looking forward to the news from Newark Teachers College and Miss Thompson.

Sincerely,

G. Bizlewicz

