WALLA WALLA ARMY AIR BASE
WASHINGTON

25 August 1944

Dear Miss Thompson,

You've probably received my card by this time and noticed the change in address. Seems like I just can't get settled, but I feel that this time this may be more permanent than any of those other bases I've been at.

First let me thank you for your wonderful letter! There's always plenty of punch and good reading matter in those letters you write and I always enjoy hearing from you.

I'm mighty glad that you didn't corner Ed when you were waiting for him to give upon my latest change of address. Had you done this, and well I remember that little incident when you lashed me verbally by the gym, why Ed would probably be your faithful servant for decration(sp?)

It's amazing to hear that he has tendencies akin to mine when I was young and gay! I don't think we'll classify Ed as a wolf in lamb's clothing, just an eager lad taking advantage of his years and good company.

Vinnie's been good about keeping up his correspondence with me too. From his present rank, he isn't letting any grass grow under his feet either. I imagine Vinnie should be coming back soon, as a replacement, and he should have plenty of tales to tell. I sure would like to see the old buzzard again and kind of renew old acquaintances! From the outlook in the papers, that day shouldn't be too far away!

To date, I haven't had the pleasure of meeting anyone from Newark State Teachers College! All my reads(sp?) seem to lead away from this, but I'm still hopeful. If I don't meet them on the "go", then I'll have to reserve my meetings for those reunions in the future! I do correspond with a few of the boys and have a bit of news concerning them. Hapr. Pearce is living in Plainfield, N.J, North Plainfield to be exact and has had a new girl to make number two for him & June. LeRoy Babrew (sp?) was called back into the marines and is trying to get his hard earned commission back. Russel Heever is teaching in New Jersey somewhere, and contributing to education! Henry Holz and his wife, the former Gert(sp?) Fennigan have a youngster and are still residing in Union, N.J. George J. Bizlewicz is still single, no prospect in sights, but still has his eagle eye trained to catch some eligible innocent girl. I've been corresponding with a sweet girl in Nutley whose name is Betty Israel! Do you remember her? Outside of writing to Bea Doyle and Betty, I have lost contact with all other acquaintances. Poor Biz!

A little about what I'm doing up at this great air base. This place is strictly a training center for combat crews who man our huge liberators, B-24. Here the men are grouped into logical crews and fly to gether for two or three months, then they are sent to a staging area where they're sent overseas as replacements for men who have had their share of combat. I've been place in one of the static squadrons which stay on and keep their base functioning. My position (ahem) is adjutant of Squadron C. Our boys are colored and do most of the cooking, cleaning, serving and maintenance of aircraft. The work is swell and to my liking. I'm gaining a world of experience and feel as if I'm really accomplishing something, but time will be the judge of that!
Sending best wishes always, Nancy, and a firm wish for another good semester of work for you. Keep a guiding hand on brother Ed, and a few helpful words occasionally should round him and into a fine man.

Most sincerely,

George 
