Mother's Day Greetings

Sunday
May 9[th]

Dear Folks:

I am addressing this letter to you all and to Miss Thompson and Miss Vaughn-Eames in particular. I want to thank them for the "Service Men's News" which I received from my wife today. I never realized while I was at school how very much just a picture of the college would move me but when I saw the college picture on the first page I received a real thrill. Then the news about the fellows with whom I spent four interesting and joyful years moved me even further. I know all the men who received the paper felt the same as I do and when this war is over I hope we can all come back and give you our thanks in person.

As for myself there is really very little I can report at the present time since my status is pretty uncertain. I came to Wheeler December and was trained for 13 weeks as a rifleman in the infantry. During my basic I was approved for Infantry and Ordanance O.C.S. Upon completion of basic I was sent to the Post Non Commission Officers School (my present station) with 55 other men for class 49. Four weeks of training and study with O.C.S. at Fort Benningwas our goal. In the end 37 of us were left for O.C.S. but some of us were not sent in the first batch. Later we were told that the camp had a number of volunteer officer candidates who have priority rights on O.C.S. On April 30[th] we were given our applications back since the Wheeler quota had been almost eliminated at Benning. Therefore I am now just "Yardbird Geller" awaiting shipment, with the rest of my class, to another camp. There we can reapply for O.C.S. and also turn in the recommendation from this school which is considered the finest in the country. Where and when I will go I don't know but I will let you know as soon as I get there since I don't want to take a chance in missing the Service Men's News.

It might interest you to know that while I was in Basic I taught an illiterate class. I was picked for this because I had graduated from a teachers college. The captain in charge of the Regimental Schools made it a point to see that all his teachers were aware of the good job we were doing and, according to him, the men who have taught in his schools and have come from New Jersey did the best job in the schools. I don't doubt that all off the New Jersey teachers came from a teachers college in Jersey. Our class had the highest number of any camps Regimental Schools taken from the illiterate record and placed on the literate records of the Army.

If you hear of any men from the college at Camp Wheeler let me know and I will see if I can be of any help to them. I am well versed in the finer arts of K.P. and scientific gold bricking since I have been in a casual company for 5 weeks and we certainly have developed new and different ideas on those subjects.

If Dr. Shea is still with you I hope she will find it in her heart to forgive the errors in spelling I might have made but I am trying hard and with each letter I write I am making less and less.

And now thank you once again for the wonderful feeling you have given me and the knowledge that I really have a swell Alma Mater. Please don't let anything stop those wonderful folders from coming to us they are an important link in our ties to home and school. If I see any of the men from school I will let you know their addresses as I am sure they will want to know where our gang is.

Regards to all the folks.

George

Private George Geller (1940)
Class 49A NCO School
Camp Wheeler, GA. 
