                                                            Friday Nov 26 / 43
                                                                              
My dear Miss Thompson:

Many thanks for the Serviceman's News. It is a fine piece of work and it is very interesting to me where all the boys are.

I'm enclosing a copy of our Thanks-giving service & more to show you one of the niceties of our outfit then anything else.

Thanksgiving was a full work day for us except for the hour we spent in church. Our chaplain, in-cidentally, is a very fine young fellow.

I said Thanksgiving was just another day (i.e. in effect) but there was another exception, too, & that was the bang up food we had a noon. Miss Thompson, without exaggeration rate that dinner as one of the finest I have ever had  -  anywhere - & I've had dinner at my own home & at some of the best hotels. We lacked for nothing & everything was of excellent quality. I think I had more turkey than I would have had at home. So, if some people had to go without some things I can vouch for the fact that here we had an (illegible) & then some. 

Well, as you know by now, I left the rest of the boys at Barkeley. So far as I know I'm the only Newark Stater at Gruter(sp?) & the only one in the Rainbow Division.

This Rainbow Division is a hard (illegible) outfit. We are training 12 hours a day & at least three & sometimes four nites a week till midnite. (Terrible construction but I'm in a hurry.) I have a hunch that this division will make a real name for itself & I'm proud to be a part of it.

Cheerio

Harold.

P.S. I like Oklahoma even so much better than I did that particular sector of Texas where Gabe, Ferraro, Clausen, Trap & myself were for about 4 months. It's not quite such a sand dune here & while we train much harder here (we're a combat outfit & will probably some day see service where the columbine snakes dry out but why we do get a pass it means something. Tulsa is a grand little city & Mushozer(sp?) isn't half bad, either. The Masonic Service Club and the AR50 & Legionairs all do yeoman work in Meshoquee & the AR 50 in Tulsa are particularly friendly & the AR 50 there is a house. These Oklahoma babes are good dancers, too.   -  That Fulbrook Art Museum in Tulsa is a gem. I hope to get out to Clarrenon(sp?) & see Will Rogers birthplace  -  they're supposed to have one of the finest gun collections in the world there. I get a big kick out of the infantry boys here. They are very respectful to we medics. I think someone has tipped them off to the fact that when casualties pile up & the doctors get swamped we will be doing almost anything(sp?) to them. If a man is going to die anyway ethics have to go overboard  -  we get trained in everything from letter bearing to run a center (illegible) of surgery & aseptic technique. More, I cannot say!
