										Sept. 9, 1943

Dear Anne,

	Well it seems circumstances added a few days to the delivery of your letter. However that doesn't matter. We're always looking for letters. As your probably noticed my address is now city college, New York. I probably told you that I hoping for A.S.T.P. (Army Specialist Training Program) so here I am. Just a week now.

	We left Sea Girt a week ago Wednesday morning. There were about fifteen of us. Arrived here about 12:30. The rest of that day we didn't do much but starting Thursday morning we had tests and interviews leading up to our acceptance or rejection from the program.
	I went before the Star Board Tuesday afternoon and was accepted into basic engineering. The board is made up of an Army officer and a civilian member of the faculty. 
	Now the sixty four dollar question is "where do we go from here?" That's anyone's guess but at least I think I'll be home one more weekend.
	Sounds as though the Masicolas's had quite a party. I don't drink either so I could keep you company on that score very easily.
	As for any bars, I'm afraid they will have to wait now. Those things were part of my sacrifice when I asked for A.S.T.P.  If I had not taken it I would have had a T-5 or T-4 as I have finished my specialists training. However that's not the point. This way I can receive a good education and it won't cost me a thing except a heap of effort.
	By the way you seem to be quite an artist. "Elmer" is quite decorative. I'm going to show him to mother this week end. 
	Incidentally. Some time when you are in the college library, you might give them my latest address. Probably it will change again in the near future but the fewer miles a letter has to travel to reach me the better. Your letter was dated the 4[th] in Summit, the 7[th] at Red Bank and today is the nineth. A letter from Dad dated the 7[th] also reached me today so you see how much time is saved. So if you would do that for me I would appreciate it. 
	Guess that's all the news for now.

							Sincerely
							
							Harold


P.S. Feel good this morning -  -  just paid.




[Christina Leedy]




