[Nancy Thompson: Henry Niemira]
[Nancy Thompson:  (Rec'd Feb, 1943)]
                     C-5-2 FARC
								Fort Bragg, N.C.
								Oct 27, 1942
Dear Miss Thompson,

	I was more then ever pleased to receive your delightful letter and to know of the activities at N.S.T.C.  I think your service of keeping an up to date list of the names and addresses of N.S.T.C. service men is swell.  Count me in to keep you posted of my location.
	I have had a lot of fun in the army and have made many new friends.  I like all the people here except the mess sergeant, who I think has something to do with enriching my teaching education with some culinary ambitions of his own. 
	The first time I was on K.P., I wrote in my daily comments to my better half, a miss A.C, class of June 1941, that it was my turn.  The second time I was on K.P., I said because I was a good dish washer.  The third time I was on K.P., I said the mess sergeant was stuck for good help so I volunteered.  But now after the nth time, I'm debating, with myself, whether to say its my fate to be a K.P. or to hint that the mess sergeant and I are "that way" about each other.  Why I have even threatened the mess sergeant with spreading propaganda against his food and not eat it myself.  I've changed my mind about that tho, because the nearest town is ten miles away and fifty dollars a month surely cannot feed my army appetite.  
	While in school I took Mr. Dan's rifle shooting course and after a semesters digestion of Mr. Dan's instruction in rifle marksmanship, I was ready to pin a sharpshooters medal upon my expanded chest.  (I couldn't get the medal due to priorities).  With all that hope I looked forward to the day our battery would go on the firing range.  After the day at the range my bunkmates appear to be very skeptical about my abilities with "our best friend, the rifle.  I had an excuse for it tho  -  my glasses are too weak for me and need changing.  I would have had a better score but the lieutenant was watching me mark my score book.
	Somewhere in my personnel folder at school is a list of my likes and dislikes.  Fore  -  most of my dislikes at school were 9:00 a.m. classes I always tried to start my day by getting up at 9:30, having breakfast at 10:00, reading the morning paper until 10:30, then be ready for a busy day.  Do you wonder why I now complain?
	I am awakened in the morning by a refugee from Major Bower Amateur Hour who blares get up, get up!  After a strenuous hours work, dressing, cleaning the barracks, making my bed and picking the tobacco crop (in the guise of cigarettes butts) I am ready for breakfast.  I have a heavy meal too, - if I am one of the fortunate to outgrab and outmaneuver my buddies for the food.  Five mornings last week I only saw breakfast.  
	So it is every day something new to complain about, which only proves one thing, I'm a good soldier.  (I read an article before my induction that a good soldier always finds something to grumble about) I must be one of the best soldiers at Fort Bragg!
	Setting aside the humor of the above paragraphs and in a more serious vein, I would like to say I am making the best of this all important mission of which I am a part.  Of course it's a change as compared to what I have been accustomed to, we have a war on our hands and we must win it!
	You have probably read the best seller "See Here Private Hargrove," well its written about this place, the Field Artillery Replacement Center of Fort Bragg where I am now.  So whatever my meager writings portray Hargrove surpasses.
	Do extend my regards to "our mob"  -  Dr. Shaffer, Dr. Vaughn-Eames, Mr. Richmond and Mr. Hutchinson and the rest of the faculty. 
                     January 31, 1943
								Sunday P.M.
Imagine my surprise when looking thru my belongings I found this unfinished letter!  I have two writing folios and if it had not been tht I ran out of paper I don't know when I would have found this letter.  -  No, I have not been so  busy- please forgive me for this unjust oversight.  
	Since I wrote the above I have moved twice  -  but I promise to relate that later  -  now heading for the mail box is this missle.  
               
               Regards to all and
						Sincerely,
               Henry Niemira
(Transcribed By: Stephanie Valente)
