Lt. Henry J. Barone
US Army Air Forces
Advanced Flying School
B.O.Q. Kirtland Field, New Mexico

5-30-43

Dear Miss Thompson:

I wish I could heed your request to stay a bachelor and save you a little correspondence. I'm afraid that regardless of requests and the danger around me, I'm sharing the aisle on or around June 19[th] with a fair member of the opposite sex, also a teacher. I know I'm being mean and such but think how much happier little Hank is going to be!

Your letter was really chock full of information on my classmates and it was really one that I appreciate receiving. After all, the friendships gained at a college are some of the long lasting type but the war and the various branches of service have sort of severed relationships for a while but not for long.

That was a picture of me in the news, no excuses either! I'm not sure whether folks know what I'm really in. You mentioned O.C.S. and I have received letters addressed Naval Air Corp and neither of them are of my true undertaking. So to clear things up and give you a true picture of me under the colors, here goes.

I enlisted on April 6[th], 1942, remained on furlough until August 19[th] and then entrained as an Aviation Cadet to Nashville, Tenn, a classification center. There I learned to walk militarily, drill with rifle, mop and scrub, brush also, and after two weeks of basic training left for Santa Ana, California to train as a bombardier. For 25 weeks I went to school and drew all sorts of details. It was here I earned my "Mess Manager Wings" having served at least three times per week on K.P. Then off to Albuquerque, New Mexico for twelve weeks of actual bombing at this Advanced Flying School. On March 6[th], 1942 I graduated a 2[nd] Lt. and wear the wings of a bombardier now.

After graduation, which was March 6[th], I became a bombardier instructor here and for the past three months have been at the job. Once a teacher, always a teacher, I guess, but this instructing concerns flying and dropping the "eggs", so far from elementary school teaching. I'm due to go to the Advanced Instructors School in Carlsbad, New Mexico soon and upon its completion will then go to Navigation School for a brief course, then return to this field to instruct both bombadiering and Dead Reckoning, which is a form of navigation. I'm rather a lucky fellow since army schooling is definitely the best and I'm due for plenty of it.

I imagine the college is fairly deplete of men and the course of events leads me to believe many of the women are eyeing the waves, Waacs(sp?), spars(sp?), marines, etc. My, my, it's still a woman's world, war or no war!

My duty calls, Miss Thompson, and I'll have to start closing. Please give my best regards to the members of the faculty since furloughs are scarce and personal appearances ever scarcer. I'll write again soon and give you further developments that occur. Here's hoping we'll all be back to the "Hall of Learning" at Newark soon to swap tales with you all.

Always,

Hank Barone `41 
