                     [Nancy Thompson: Howard Lay]
Swell!!
                     February 26, 1943
                     Friday 1:30 P.M. 
                     S91 T.S. S. Brks.
Hello Miss Thompson;

	I am very late in answering your letter, I'm sorry. Things down here have been moving pretty fast so my correspondence of late has been slow. 
	As yet I haven't received the new issue of the Service Men's News but I haven't given up hope yet.  Thank you for explanning the error concerning Bob and I. 
	Since the day after Christmas I've been slaving on the `A' shift from 11:00p.m. until 5:00a.m.  Thank goodness the 1st. of March is almost here and there will be a shift change and soon I'll be sleeping at nights again.  Hot Dog!!!
	The other day numerous squadrons were shifted on the field and old S91 T.s.r. moved to a new area.  Boy!! What a walk I have now to school.  Soon, I expect to move again for they are actiuating a strictly instructors squadron for school personnel.  No sooner do I get settled then I have to move.  They must becoming crampped for space for the past month we have had double decked beds how I hate those things. 
	About a Week ago we had our first crack-up on this field a B-25 came in one night about 3:00a.m. and ran into trouble on the soff sand finally nosing over completely and washing out the plane.  No one was seriously injured.
	I missed a rating again but Bob finally landed one.  Soon I expect they'll break down and get tired of seeing me without any stripes.  I surely hope so. 
	I hear the `Reserve' boys expect to be called any day now.  Too bad they couldn't finish school.  
	I imagine by now the rush at mid-terms and the beginning of the new semester has quieted down by now and school is moving at a sane pace. 
	If things progress as expected Bob and I maybe be seeing you soon possibly in April sometime.  The layover in school, when we have no students for two weeks, will enable us to receive a furlough, for the other branches did. 
	Today is my day off which is swell and I'm just resting and loafing.  There is nothing in town and I find it more enjoyable to stay home (the barracks) and read + write.
	This is all I guess thank you for the letter.  I'll be looking for the Service Men's News. 
               
               As ever Howard


(Transcribed By: Stephanie Valente)
