CAMP ROBERTS (Official letterhead)
April 4, 1943

Mr. Hutchinson,
   I have now been in the Army five weeks, and find with each passing week that I am enjoying myself more and more. It really is a great life, especially out in California. Sure it gets tough in spots, and most of the men do a little grapping, but when you get down to brass tacks, everyone of them are glad to be in the army.
	As you probably know, I am ""limited service", which means my basic training is concluded at the end of eight weeks. Before I enlisted in the army, I was told by many people that I would get no basic training, and if I did it would not amount to much. This is not true at all, I have exactly the same training as "general service" men except that it is shortened a bit. To date we have had all our drill formations, manual of arms, rifle and bayonet practice, and all the other important things that goes to make a good soldier.
	Last week we finished up our shooting for record on the rifle range. To my surprise, I shot a 163 score out of a possible 200, which qualifies me as a "marksman." I received a very nice medal for this and to tell you the truth, I am very proud of it.
	When I was shipped out of Fort Dix to California I came with a group of about 600, all "limited service" men. As you noticed by my address, I am stationed in an infantry training battalion. This does not mean I am in the infantry. The entire company I am in is comprised of limited service men. Camp Roberts happened to have an opening for such a group as ours so we were shipped out here. After our basic training is over we will be shipped to our permanent camps, and put into positions for which we are best suited.
	Before I conclude this letter I would like to tell you something of my trip out here. We traveled five days and nights, and through seven different states. It really was an experience especially to me. I had never been over 300 miles from home, and here I was going clear across the country, seeing places and sights, I had read about all my life but never really thought I'd see. It really was a wonderful trip, practically an education in itself.
	Mr. Hutchinson, you can tell the fellows from me that the army is nothing to fear. They treat you swell, plenty of food, a good healthy life. You find wonderful companionship, and a training that gives you a great deal of satisfaction after you have completed it. All in all, I must say I am completely satisfied, and only hope that everything keeps going as well as it is now.
Sincerely yours,
Howard Ackerman

P.S. I am kept posted with all the news from school. The class has really been swell about writing to me. If you happen to have time I wish you would thank them all for me, and tell them how much I appreciate their writing.
