                        [Nancy Thompson: Lay] 
Cloudy, Rain 
								December 7, 1942
								Monday 9:15 P.M.
								S91 T.S.S. Brks.
Hello Miss Thompson;

	As Bob Salkin has probably told you we are together in the same squadron, same barracks, and almost the same bed; we're right next to each other.  I believe also we will be in the same branch in school when the inspection branchs open.  
	At present Bob is working n a special job for school headquarters dealing with field engineering a very interesting and important job and he is doing a excellent job.  He is instructing students and instructors so that the instructors after a few periods can take over the project in the future.  
	For myself until my branch opens I'm working on the line assembling planes and tuning up engines.  It's most interesting and I'm acquiring some valuable information that I never had a chance to gain before as a ordinary instructor. 
	It was perfectly swell being back at school those few days and I only wish I can have the opportunity of going back when the horrible mess is through with.  If I am lucky I should be back again for a visit in June maybe?? 
	I imagine Bob has told you about this field and how different than, that Boy Scout Camp or pasthome, Keesler Field.  Here we live out of mess kits, no sheets, outside latrines, no water for showers, no more private rooms, a obstacle course to run 3 times a week and many more mah building things.  The thing that gets me and surprises me so much is that you hear no one crab, kick, or cry about this place I can't figure it out.  I guess we had it so soft at K.F. that we had nothing to crab about so we imagined things to gribe about.  Aren't we humans strange creatures, no wonder we have such things as wars. 
	With rather warm weather here it's almost impossible to believe that Christmas on the way.  It will be a strange one all right this year but will be far from a sad one for everything is looking so much brighter for our armed forces.  It's really marvelous of the strides we've made in the short space of a year.  A second front in Africa, our holding of the Japs, and  our supplies and equipment getting through so well and in such great quantities to our Allies.  May it only keep up.  
	Please say hello to Mrs. Denny and Miss Ewald for me, thank you. 
	It's getting late for an army boy so good-night and a Merry Christmas to you. 
						
               Sincerely yours; 
						Howard

(Transcribed By: Stephanie Valente)  
	
