								[Nancy Thompson: Lay]
                     March 14, 1945
								Wednesday 1:25 p.m.
								Barracks.
Hello Miss Thompson;

	Let's see now, the last time I saw you was last August and I bet I haven't written since then.  I may have written a card from Amarillo but I wouldn't swear to it.  I told you I would write and here it is after a 6 months, a bit late. 
	A lot has happened since Mil' and I were in to see you last summer.  After our furlough we returned to Maxwell Field, Ala.  That was about the time the B-24's were being replaced by the B-29's.  It was a slow process one Sgd.  At a time getting those huge bombers.  About the end of September I was transferred to the first B-29 Sgd. on the field.  There I found a really marvelous and complex hunk of flying machinery.  It takes a lot of men to keep those babies in the air.  From those recent raids on Japan proper it appears that they have really come into their own. 
	After a few weeks "on the line" working with B-29's I was sent to school at Amarillo, Texas.  I was fortunate and was sent to "Electrical Specialist School."  It was the chance I wanted and that was to be an "Electrician on a B-29.  Now I have the job and really like it.  After 3 years in the army I've really found a job I like.  Just about everything on the plane is electrically operated so we always have plenty of interesting work.
	It was during my stay at Amarillo that Mil' was home.  I know she was in to see you at that time, that was I believe the middle of November.  
	When I returned to Maxwell the beginning of December Mil' was there waiting for me.  It sure was nice to be with her on "Christmas" and "New Years."  I have really had it swell the last three months.  Believe it or not no more 12 and 13 hours a day and best of all a day off a week the first in 7 months. 
	Now Maxwell has nothing but B-29's, four Sdgs. of them.  The Pilots and co-pilots and engineers acquire training together.  It won't be long before Japan is being bombed regularly like Germany.
	As you can see now, again; like Eddy Church said, in the "Servicemen's News," I'm another A.E.T. (Americans Exiled in Texas).  It really isn't like that.  I think San Antonio is a swell place.  We arrived here last Sunday, forty of us, electricians and instrument men.  We are here on "Special Duty" to help overhaul 200 B-29's back from combat.  I guess we will be here for approximately 60 days.  Boy, do we have it nice.  We live at one field and work at Kelly Field.  Each day we are taken to work and back by truck.  No one bothers us and we have no formations to met, it is rather hard to believe.  
	Some day next week Mil' will be down and I'll move to town.  Sometimes I wonder if I'm in the Army, well compared to what the other boys have to goo through.  After reading Ernie Pyles book "Brave Men" I shouldn't ever complain; but that isn't the army, we always want it better. 
	In the last "Servicemen's News" I received; noticed most all my old classmates of the 1944 class are overseas.  I wonder how they missed me after 3 years and a few months in the army all of it spent in Mississippi and Alabama except for occasional D.S. to school in other states. 
	Maybe I spoke to soon.  I think though by middl summer I'll be in the Pacific or India on B-29's.
	This last D.S. has messed up my furlough but I may be home in June with Mil'; we will be down to see all of you.  Keep things going and thanks for the "Servicemen's News"
						Your friend 
						Howard
(Transcribed By: Stephanie Valente)
	 
