                                                              January 21, 1943
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson,

I received the cheer-up card that you and Newark State sent. Thank you very much. I am all better now and enjoying Camp Maxey very much. After I left the hospital, I was transferred. I am now working in the Personnel Office of Camp Maxey, doing work that is very personnel.

I also teach three evenings a week. Every Mon., Wed., and Fri. the chaplain picks me up with his car and brings me to the Station Hospital where I have a class in the 3 R;s. He then lets his chauffer call for me to bring me back. I happen to know the chauffer very well, so on those evenings he takes me wherever I want to go in camp as long as I have legitimate reasons.

I work from 8 until 4 daily at Personnel. I have Sat. & Sun. off. It seems as if I have a civilian job.

I am the only northerner in the office. You should all listen to them all say there stuff. Sometimes I don't understand what they are talking about. I am the only private in the office so I sort of dropped a hint but I guess it fell right down.

I have my own dest, typewriter, etc. Every morning we make coffee with an electric perculator that we all purchased. Some of the officers come in for coffee. They have to donate to our kitty. With their paltry donations we are able to buy some sugar and cream.

It is 3:30 now and all my work is finished. To look busy I have to write all my mail. This the 3[rd] letter I have written this afternoon.

Thanks again for thinking of me. Please give my regards

(over)

To all my old friends at Newark State. As soon as I grt my furlough I will be down to see you all. I should get my furlough in May, I hope.

Sincerely yours,

Ira

PS: This evening I am conducting game night at the Service Club. The Service Club is my hangout. The hostess is 21, beautiful, an ex school teacher, and not even engaged. Of course that has nothing to do with the reason I hang out at the Service Club. Every Thursday night is game night and I am in charge that night. You can tell Mr. Dan taht the boys here have constructed some excellent homemade games. I'll have to end now. 
