                                  C  O  P  Y
                                                           Det. Med. Dept.				
                                                          M.D.P.S.S Section			
                                                        Army Medical Center			
                                                           Washington, D.C.			
                                                                              
Dear Annabel:

	Thanks ever so much for that mighty good letter. It did seem good to hear from you and Nance and to be assured that despite the trying nature of the times the library at N.S.T.C. was still fighting away the crowds demanding the opportunity of reading its books. I was also glad to know that you were taking my great opera, The Book, seriously. You see, Annabel, although I have hesitated to tell you, that fact is that you have a prominent part in that might musical masterpiece. In the second act you rise from the floor of the stage in a cloud of steam and, clad in a flowing white robe, to represent the spirit of the great literature of all time, you sing a long contralto cadenza. At the conclusion of your number, Al D'Amico plays ffff blasts upon his kettle drums just as Nance comes fluttering down from the top of the stage, dressed as an angel, her wings jerking mechanically and her dancing pumps hanging precariously on her big toes. Upon alighting she quickly adjusts her[Note: H is partially cut off] yellow wig and sing with ecstacy that greatest of arias "Oh Spirit of Literature, but that I could Read Your Mind."

	Belvoir was quite a place, Annabel. Some of the men call it the hell hole of the world and others, inclined to brevity, just called it a hell hole. Actually, however, Belvoir succeeded in teaching me a great deal that I needed to know. After the eight weeks at Belvoir, fighting becomes no longer an academic matter. I have a much better idea of what the men in the middle of the scrap are up against than I had in the pre-Belvoirian days. And believe me, this business of trying to kill somebody and not getting killed in the process is one of the great arts of all time, requiring skill and an enormous amount of practice.

	The officers at Belvoir tried to make things as realistic as possible. They would assign combat practice which would involve blowing up obstacles and which might have a gas attack in which the irritating gas would be the relatively harmless tear gas. They also brought out a tank and would have that mighty monster chase us in order to give us a little taste of what was to come. We would be dispersed in a woods, creeping up on some imaginery enemy, when the ominous roar of the tank would come faintly to our ears. In a few minutes the evil thing would be in our midst, tearing up the ground, knocking down trees and manuvering around trying to spot a victim. On one occasion I was concealed from the tank by a fragile clump of bushes and I felt just a bit green as that iron gadget went tearing back and forth just a few feet from me. Finally the great animal paused and slowly t turned in a complete circle, some issuing from its exhaust and oil drooling from its crank case. Suddenly it spotted me; for a moment its chains merely quivered at the prospect of a juicy bit, then with a mighty roar it tore toward my delicate cover. Oh Mommer, how I did leave those bushes. When I looked at them a few seconds later, they were just a crushed mass of photosynthetic tissue.

	Please excuse this sudden reversion to script. You see, I wrote the above this noon on the typewriter of the chem.lab. but the finish is being penned at night in the barracks.

	Perhaps the gang at N.T.S.C. will be interested to know that I did some rather unusual teaching at Belvoir. After the first four weeks of training had been completed, all former school teachers in the 5th Bn. were rounded up and informed that we were once again to indulge in our old profession. We were to meet with the illiterates of the Battalion once a week and were to teach them things about reading and writing. It was a difficult assignment but turned out to be mighty interesting. I gave the job all I had to give almost no results, as far as I could tell. It seemed to me that it would not be impossible to teach the men how to read and write but more time and preparation would be required.

	I did a little exploration around Belvoir for plants and animals but free time was so limited that almost nothing along this line was possible. My best discovery was finding the crane's fly orchid in a woods between the main part of the Fort and the rifle range. It is rather an ugly plant, about a foot high with brownish purple flowers and no leaves. I spotted it along the path one evening as my platoon was marching through a deep woods returning to our barracks after a day on the rifle range. I quickly grabbed the plant and stuck it in front of my fatigue jacket, from which it protruded in a most unmilitary fashion. This ugly orchid added the final touch to one of the most frightful pictures of all time. My rifle had kicked me in the lip (I had been holding it incorrectly) and the old upper tooth cover had swollen up until I looked like a cross between a Ubangi and a hippo. To make matters worse, I had rubbed lamp black all over my face to cut down the sun's glare and without doubt I was the most ghastly creature in the Fort. As I marched along in the company street, tough corporals fainted and strong Generals turned pale.

	Best regards to all those grand people at the college. Tell them to drop me a line when they can.

                                                              Sincerely,						
                                                                   Jim					   
                                                                              
P.S. This is letter #2 in my official capacity as chief Morale-Builder for N.S.T.C. during October.	J.K.



