[Attached scrap of paper] 

Ed. Note: In my reply to Jim's first letter, I thanked him for the honor he had conferred on me (Miss Platoon Leader) and told him that I had persuaded Dr. Shaffer to appoint him Chief Morale Builder to the State Teachers College of Newark for the month of October. His response is here inserted.

                                                                     		N.T.			
                                                                              
[End of attachment]

                                                     Det. Med. Department					
                                                       M.D.P.S.S. Section					
                                                      Army Medical Center					
                                                         Washington, D.C.					
                                                                              
Dear Nance:

	I note with considerable apprehension that the time is nearing when I must assume my role as Chief Morale-Builder to the Staff of the Newark State Teachers College. However, like the true member of the fighting forces that I am, I shall gird my loins with my oversize cartridge belt and will carry on an all out offense against this important assignment. I am undecided whether to send the College my essay on The Problems of a Private, otherwise known as For Whom the Belvoir Tolls, or to mail you my more recent article on The Significance of Our Teachers College in the Modern Military Maneuver.

	Your letter of August 24th, Nance, is one of the great masterpieces of all time. As I read it I was reminded of those lunch hours in our cafeteria when you and I participated in the now famous Thompson-Kezer talking contests. And I remembered how each day I would limp, exhausted, up the stairs to my 1:00 o'clock class, defeated by your superior lungs and larynx. And then I remembered with awe how I once held you spell bound with the description of the first act of The Book in which you make your entrance singing high A, wearing a sarong, mortor board and patent leather dancing pumps, and clutching the library's one book which, for years, you had kept everybody from reading. But when you reminded me that I had once made two mice bloom as one (Nance, didn't you mean to say that I made 10 mice flower where previously just two had been blooming?) I could hardly believe that Pvt. Kezer, who now is trying to learn how to raise hell with the Axis, could have been concerned with raising mice.

	Ah, Nance, if my N.S.T.C. colleagues could have but seen me at Fort Belvoir  they  would never have recognized the serious and dignified biology teacher who used to stroll through the hallowed halls of the College, clad in academic robe and sheep's skin coat. As a member of the First Platoon of Co. D, I was one of a gang of 50 recalcitrant rookies, rising at 5:30 each morning in order to build bridges, roads, fox holes and barracks; to fire rifles and machine guns; to run obstacle courses and to walk 20 miles carrying 70 lbs of field equipment; to do K.P., get gigged and take the gaff of the officers; and finally to fall into bed at night quite certain that the old bones were really coming apart this time for sure.

	We were quite a gang, Nance; about as diverse a group as one could find. Vic Schmidt, an 18 year old moron,  slept in the bunk to my left. I didn't mind Vic's lack of synapses in his cerebral cortex but I did wish that he'd get around to washing up once in a while. I once helped Vic move his bed and, in bending over to pick it up, I inadvertently got a good smell of his shoes. My nasal epithelium is still attempting to repair the damage. Vic was our chief moron but we also had a banker, a musician, several old time bums and a number of men with prison records. There were several college graduates among us but I was the only school teacher. One of my pals once remarked, "Say, Kezer, sometimes you use some awful big words. Have you been reading books all your life, "Yes, Steve, I've read quite a lot of books in my time", I replied. "Ha Ha!," he roared, "that's a good one. You read books; I never read books but we're both in the Army now."

   With one or two exceptions my companions of the First Platoon were a remarkably fine bunch and I learned much about human nature associating with them. They considered me the Platoon specialist on "bugs", a term denoting all the flora and fauna, and called upon me to do such things as remove ticks from stray dogs as well as to identify all species of vertebrates and invertebrates in the area. Due to my influence one of our toughest corporals became quite an expert lizard catcher before the 8 weeks were up but I'm afraid that I had no influence at all on Charley Taylor, the Sergeant in charge of the Platoon. 

	Charley just wasn't the academic type. His English was mighty bad and his memory was worse. Nance, I believe that you could have done things for Charley; he needed cultivating, just like those WPA projects of yours. Old Charley came into the barracks one Sunday morning and yelled "I want 10 men to volunteer to clean up the P.X. (post exchange), and if youse don't volunteer, youse has got to do it anyhow". One day shortly before we were to leave Fort Belvoir, Charley had us all lined up in front of the barracks asking each of us our shoe size and our religion. When he got around to putting this strangely mated pair if questions to Bill Graves, our platoon agnostic, Bill yelled out "7C and no religion". "Heh?" spoke up Charley "You gotta have a religion". "OK" said Bill "I belong to the atheists". "Well now, that's more like it" said a much relieved Charley "How do you spell it?".

	When my Belvoiran career had been concluded I was transferred to the medical department of the Army and was shipped to the Medical Center here in Washington, D.C. Previously I had paid a visit to the Surgeon General's Office and had convinced several of the officers in that building that my services would be of more value in the medical department than in the engineering division. Thus, upon the conclusion of basic training at Belvoir, I grabbed my barracks bag, and, to the music of a trumpet fanfare played upon a Ranger-Tone organ, I shock the dust of Belvoir from my G.I. shoes, my tenure as the bugs specialist of the first platoon having been concluded for all time.

	Here at the medical center I attend a school for technicians in the mornings and work in a chem lab in the afternoons assisting a toxicologist. The chemistry work is highly gruesome, Nance, but when one recalls what I used to do to cats, it is quite easy to understand how I could enjoy, in a rather morbid way, the business of trying to find out what the Army suicides took in order to bring their unhappy careers to an end. Lt. Goldbaum and I toil over the organs of these individuals and it is most amazing to find that their organs play right into our hands, rendering, as it were, their chemical toccatas and fugues in our retorts and distilling gadgets. I will probably be here a couple of months longer but will be shipped elsewhere soon after that time interval. The Medical Center is to be stocked with non combatants during the next few months and those of us who are in the pink are to be put into jobs that will be more taxing upon our glowing physiques.
	Very best regards to everybody at the College.		Sincerely,	              [Signature] Jim





