                                                             55[th] Gen. Hosp.
                                                            Camp Robinson, Ark
                                                               12 Jan Feb 1944
                                                                              
Dear Nance:
     It was on the 12 Jan that the old Kezerrian torso, with associated appendages, entered a Penn RR coach at Trenton, intent upon transferring its activities from Dix to Robinson. Army orders had at last arrived and they had, in effect, demanded that the old show get back on the road again, the orders required that Kezerian lungs, larynx and vocal cords cease their incessant activity upon the recalcitrant mess sergeants and [Note: Illegible, presumed "helpless"] latrine orderlies of Dix and that they should seek more fertile fields deep within the foothills of the Ozarks. Parting from Dix was such sweet sorrow, a sorrow made even more intense by my knowledge of the more basic aspects of that Past. As the train sped toward the West, I mused with fraternalistic [Note: Use of "fraternalistic" is presumed. May also be "paternalistic."]pride upon the various articles I had been forced to inspect with such intimacy. I realized with a pang of nostalgia that I was leaving behind of thousands of latrines and grease traps, a magnificent garbage disposal area and a highly aromatic sewage disposal plant.
     Just for the record, I want to say that the Penn RR coach was exactly as one might expect. The odor within the enclosure was heavy and potent and seemed to be compounded of oranges, babies diapers, cold fried chicken and cigar smoke with an occasional blast from the long uncleaned toilets. It was that kind of an atmosphere which penetrates ones sinuses and vibrates around in those cavities causing the death of the virulent, hemolytic Streptococci, which had been living so well among the fluids of mucous membranes. In the can were two infants who periodically rendered ear-splitting duets in triple forte. And just to perpetrate the final injury, various members of the car's population removed their shoes and, I would judge, put their feet upon the heater.
	When this example of our modern methods of transportation jerked and snorted into the Little Rock station, I emerged partially anesthetized but extant and immediately secured transportation to the 55[th] Gen. Hosp., the institution which fate and the Surgeon General's office had chosen as the recipient for the Kezerian torso. 
	Seriously, Nance, the 55[th] is a mighty fine medical outfit  -  one of the best that I have seen during my long and exotic army career. It was activated last May and now has its entire personnel of 500 officers nurses and enlisted men. The training of the unit has been completed and we are now prepared to work as a gigantic team, attempting to do a job for the fighting forces of the old U  -  S. A. When our unit gets going overseas as a functioning hospital I will be the bacteriologist for the laboratory service. By that I mean that I will chose the highly virulent and sinister bugs through multitudes of media and, when finally I have covered them in a portion of an agar plate, I will spear them with the point of an innoculating loop, and with a fiendish cry will force them to reveal their horrible identity. When we are in the field I am the supervisor of the sanitary installations, which is putting it euphemistically.
	The other night the officers were out on a night compass problem. I found myself in a group with a Lt. Col., 2 Majors and a captain. But, Nance, this overpowering display of rank depended upon Kezer, the lone shavetail, to bring them in. If only Corporals Bednarz and Rilloran could have known about it they would realize that efforts in behalf of their [Note: Next word indecipherable, presumed "Belvorian"] yardbird were not in vain. Our Lt. Col. Fell into a foxhole filled with water almost first thing. Truly, Nance, the terrain seems unable to distinguish between a Col. And a yardbird. That valentine was stunning. I wish to extend my thanks to the library staff both collectively and individually.
     Here are very best wishes to everybody at the school.
                                                                    Sincerely,
                                                                           Jim
                                                               (of the 55[th])
