                                                                   MDRP							
                                                  Tilton General Hospital					
                                                          Fort Dix, N.J.						
                                                        December 21, 1943					

[Note: Letter is typed on the interior of a Christmas card normally folded into four parts.]

Dear Nance:

	I have long been intending to write you regarding the present status of the Kezerian Carcass. You see, Nance, it is the gene for Recalcitrance at Writing that is located on the satellite attached to the fifth Kezerian chromosome that, during the past several months, has been dominating over that great complex of genes scattered through the normal chromosome complement which normally bring about the seating of the\torso at the typewriter. Thus we find that the individual is merely a mechanism, moved in mysterious ways by those unknown substances synthesized by the chromatin strands of the nucleus. Oops! please forgive. I quite accidentally got into the last paragraph of the 15[th] lecture of the course in general biology. Seriously, Nance, I have been trying to get away from Dix on a day when the college would be in session so that I could once again stand breathless with wonder within those sanctified library walls. Those beautiful walls, barren of books, but fraught with the emotions of thousands of students who have pursued their academic labors at those well worn tables.

	What I'm trying to get around to say, Nance, is that last August the War Department, in utter desperation, commissioned me a 2nd Lt. in the sanitary corps, that part of the Army that sweeps up debris in the street. Robed in the costume of a shavetail, I hastily left the medical center for Carlisle Barracks, Pa., where for 6 weeks I graced the classrooms of the Medical Field Service School. About the third week of October, clutching my sheep skin and clothed in purple tights and red opera cloak, I entered the medical department replacement pool here at Tilton General Hospital to wait for my permanent orders. Nance, those orders have not arrived and I'm fearful lest I should become the Old Man of the Pool whose Mother, as your literary background will verify, was featured in Scott's Lady of the Lake. Pending the arrival of my orders I have been assigned to the Fort Dix Medical Inspector's Office and am at present using the Kezerian larynx and considerable of the voluminous and rather offensive Kezerian hot air in an attempt at inducing recalcitrant mess sergeants and unwilling latrine orderlies to clean up their respective establishments. If and when my orders finally come through, they are supposed to assign me to an outfit preparing for overseas duty. Note how cautious I have become. I have long since learned not to make any promises for the Army.

	I have been enjoying The Service Men's News that has been reaching me. It is an extremely interesting bulletin and you, Lenore, and all the others who work on it are to be congratulated on the fine job that is being done.

	Come on now, Nance, and promise me that you will have the very best possible Christmas and New Year. This letter carries my very best wishes to all of that mighty fine old gang at the Teachers College.

                                                                    Sincerely,
                                                               [Signature] Jim
