	Dr Kezer.
                                                                Co D -5[th] Bn
                                                                          ERTC
                                                              Fort Belvoir, Va
                                                                     U.S. Army
                                                                              
	Dear Nance:

	Your letter arrived just a moment ago and it caught me sitting at the Hammond organ in our barracks playing the Tocatta and Fugue in D Minor. I was dressed in my purple tights, Nance, but they showed only where my opera cloak failed to meet my yellow spats. 
My comrads in arms were gathered round the console and were just singing the tenth repetition of the fugal subject. With a chord in the tripe forte, which threatened the superstructure of our vaulted sleeping quarters, I ended the fugue and read your letter mid the cheers of my platoon mates. After hearing your letter, Nance, you were unanimously voted the Miss Platoon One, Co D for the week beginning next Sunday.
	Since I am your hero, Nance, I had better confess that I am hardly a dashing warrior. My cartridge belt is too large and my helmet is too small. The belt drives the corporal to drink (He's quite easily driven in that direction.) He tells me that I look like a pe pregnant woman. But I can't produce the corporation to fill the belt and he can't tighten it up any further. Thus I am doomed to continue in this state of pseudopregnancy for the duration.
	As for the helmet, that metallic toupe cover always falls off at a critical point in the combat problem and invariably brings the enemy charging with fixed bayonets, as its clanging ring reveals my presence.
	Biological collecting has been slow because of lack of time but I have managed to grab a few specimens while creeping through the woods on combat problems. Recently I rashly rose from my prone position while in enemy territory and began to chase a lizard. Before long I found myself captured by a group of enemy scouts; in great panic I flung the lizard at them  -  they fled in messy disorder and I was acclaimed the conquering hero of my platoon.
	Nance, I'm not very good with the bayonet. Cat dissection seems to be more along my line. The corporal tells me that I merely tickle the dummy's epidermis with the bayonet blade. As I was leaving the dummy the other day, after having grabbed it a bit, the Corp. yelled "Look sharp there, Kezer, you've just killed a man, you know!"
	Your letter was really wonderful Nance; thanks an awful lot for it. Confidentially, I'm still working on my opera entitled "The Book," but please don't tell the commander of Co. A
                                       
                                  Sincerely,

P.S. Regards to everybody at the college. I couldn't come in to say goodby because I was drafted from Ithaca + didn't get back to N.J.		J.K.


