August 20, 1944

Dear Miss Thompson:

The June issue of the `Service Men's News' has finally caught up to me. Goes without saying, how I appreciate receiving this informative paper, which you people work so hard to compile; so as to satisfy our hungry appetites for news of former schoolmates. I had been anticipating the receipt of this paper for the past couple of months, and knew you would not let me down. Thanks for your tireless efforts, and interest in making us happy.

Feel kind of small for having neglected to write in the past. I hope you will forgive me.

Since my last visit I have moved about quite a bit, after shuffling around the states I now find myself a good many miles from home. Cannot disclose my present whereabouts, but am in no immediate danger. This letter is being written by candlelight in a tent which I share with five other men. It is not exactly Hotel De Lun style, but we do manage to get along with materials at hand. The many home conveinences, which we took so much for granted, are absent from our mode of living. We wash from our helmets, and laundry and bathing are done in a nearby stream. Social life is restricted to the post. We have an outdoor movie which is a rustic affair. It consists of row upon row of logs, for seating purposes. The performance is invariably hampered by rain, which is sometime bolstered (I mean the performance) by a G.I. show. There is plenty of real talent to appease our hunger for entertainment. Work is not to difficult, but I desire to move out. Like many of the boys , I don't care for the place, but as much as we hate conditions, I don't think any of us want to return home until the job is done. We are eager to get into more excitement. There is much I would like to write about this place, but cannot do so for the present.Our idle moments, what there are of them, are usually given up to "Bull Sessions". We have relived the past hundreds of times, verbally and mentally. Talk of present actions and conditions prevail, but our largest topic of discussion is a post war nature. A number of us will return to our old vocation, or take up from where we left off; but many are puzzled regarding the future. The younger men have one common problem, namely what to do when they return home. The one factor which I believe necessary to rehabilitate soldiers back to civilians, will be educational and vocational guidance. I find that many boys have the ambition and will to get ahead, and want to take advantage of all post-war opportunities, but do not know which course to pursue. The sense of value has been heightened, and all that men fundamentally seek; are security, a home, family, independence and no repetition of what is now going on. I have tried to help some of the boys who are planning for college, but know that guidance will have to be handled under a national scale, which will ultimately place our society on higher levels  -  Will try to write more pertaining to this, later.

Miss Thompson, while stationed at Will Rogers Fld in Okla, I had the pleasure of being with Bob Kaeppel and Paul Sauls. Paul left before I did; and when I was suddenly shipped out, I did not have time to see Bob or get his mailing address. I have been corresponding with Paul, and know that Bob must be angry with me for not writing. But my orders came through so suddenly that I just had about enough time to pack. After leaving Okie, I went to Kearns, Utah for further training; then westward, hence to my present post. During my stay with the engineers at Okie I learned much, and had many new experiences. The wants of the people there are so unlike those of the East.

Do not believe I'll be here long, and mail is sometime delayed, but I would appreciate it if you can sent me the address' of Kaeppel, O'Sullivan, Bauman, Berry, Bill Peterson, Steuer and Jerome Schaeffer, also Mancuso. I have some of the others.

My eyes are telling me that its time for some sleep  -  so its good night for now. Am always thinking of you many fine friends of Newark State, and hope this mess is over soon; so we can all be together, in a happy peace loving world once more. Remember me to everyone.

Former Student,

John G.
