                                                                TEMPORARILY IN
                                                     EGLIN FIELD BASE HOSPITAL
                                                                      WARD #3.
                                                                              
                                                                   ASSIGNMENT:
                                                              AIRCRAFT TORPEDO
                                                             MAINTENANCE SHOPS
                                                                   EGLIN FIELD
                                                              FLORIDA 4/18/43.
                                                                              
[Logo: Eagle w/ shield & olive branches]
EGLIN FIELD, FLORIDA

Dear Miss Thompson,

Here's hoping you and all's well. Thanks again for your nice letter & news. & Pardon my delay in reply.

As for me the above top address is explanatory. Excuse the pencil & scribbling as this is written in bed. During recent change in station to complete this course (from) [Next few words illegible] while stopping home in Jersey City I sprained and turned my right ankle, continued on my trip "South", bandaged taped and strapped regularly it didn't bother me much. The medical officers here insisted on x-rays  -  found the ankle fractured, put it in a darn big cast  -  which practically covers my entire leg & weighs nearly a ton & put me in bed. So I'll be tied up for a while and probably delayed in my practical phase of the course. In reference to your last letter. Well, when your in the army  -  as an officer or enlisted man, you or every one rakes orders and assignment and often you never get to know the reason why or wherefore etc. Well that's the army.

Looks like I'm an "old war house" or something. Many of my assignments are to train younger officers and men, who generally go out & test & practice what we teach or preach. Some time I had become too old these existing regulations which since have been revised & lowered for troops filed overseas action duty as an Infantry officer. Then apparently with the expansion after  the declaration of war there was a shortage of trained ordinance officers and possessing many of the requirements & qualifications found myself last year transferred to the Ordnance Dept.

As for my shooting or marksmanship even if I say so myself was pretty good and during those training days qualified for the various marksmanship medals namely rifles, automatic rifles, machine gun, .45 cal. pistol, and when with the Field Artillery our battery won the 75mm (3") French gun trophy & [155m HOWITZER].

But recently haven't had the opportunity to practice. As a matter of fact ammunition is scarce except for essential recruit training. All our ammunition goes overseas. You can't even by .22 anymore in sport stores.

Regret to learn of Mr. Abbotts loss. In reply to your query I only know of Charles Abbott their son. From latest letters and contacts with Mrs Abbott, Charles graduated from it in Haverville College in Pa. and was going to [be] drafted so enrolled in the Coast Guard and I think was stationed on the Atlantic Coast.

As for Doc Daughtery I haven't seen in years, but from the Hudson County Industrial Arts Teachers Association heard that he quit his position teaching school in Union City. Went into manufacturing and finally wound up back in the Marines. And the latest I learned is what you supplied. 

My assignment here, (probably temporary), maybe? is a nice one- with the Air Forces. similar to that at Newport R.I. which was mostly theoretical and now followed up with what might be known as P.C. practical course. Daily when weather & conditions permit the fliers in their planes take off and shoot & drop their torpedoes on the practice range in the bay and out at sea and some times and patrol go for our enemies.

As space is getting limited on this sheet, and exhausted all I can think I'll close with best of wishes and [Illegible]. Extend my regards to all. 

Sincerely as ever John Oster

Although the address is in Florida Fl. Ord Dept. This is really Alabama, or rather not the nice part of Florida you hear or generally think of. Everything is sky high too. 


