Cpl. JOHN P. GINNUZZI
955[TH] Engineer Topographic Co. AVN.

APO 925 c/o P.M.
San Francisco, Calif.

Nov 9  -  45

Dear Miss Thompson:

Its difficult to find a befitting opening for a letter, especially when one has consistantly put off a correspondence that should have been kept alive. Lets just say I was plain lazy, and I'll willingly accept a calling down when I return  -  But spare the rod.

Received the July issue of "The Service Men's News" today. It took a roundabout way of reaching me. Like all the copies you sent, it was a treat. I hungrily read thru it, greedy for news about the boys and school. 

The war being over and home in the offing makes a soldier happy, but the loss of dear friends, such as, Ralph, Dr. French, former school chums, relatives, and neighborhood pals, adds a touch of sadness to it all.

I was shocked when I received your news about Ralph. It would be difficult for me to word my feelings. Our association while students, and during those black days of basic, will live within me always  -  We, who remain, will have to do much work in the very near future to make this world a better place in which to live, and make up, if possible for the losses during these war years. We, the veterans are the potential leaders of a great power which is America, and I for one am determined to make my contribution. Living according to our `American Way' we must not forget the peoples of the world. They are in dire need of help of an educational, moral, spiritual and economic nature. Its important that we adopt a "brotherhood" spirit throughout the world in order to maintain peace. And follow a policy of teaching and sharing; casting aside personal gain & greed, that so prevails to-day.

To detail experiences and events, since leaving the states, would fill many pafes and might make uninteresting reading. In view of the fact that I'll be returning soon, I'll withhold the many things on my mind until I can relate my thoughts verbally.

I have 63 points, and am in line to leave the company with the next group. We are waiting for orders, then a "sweating out period" at the casual camp  -  And Then! Statebound.

I regret that I was not able to go to Japan. An advanced party had gone & we were alerted to go, but plans were changed soon after.

A couple of months ago Carl Stiner called by phone. I was off the post at the time. Distance between us made it impossible for us to meet. Have since heard from him. He is now in Japan.

I send a copy of our company book a few months ago. Hope you received it in good order.

Excuse terseness of this letter, but I expect to be with you early next year, at which time we can have a lengthy "bull session". 

Enclosed find a photo and reproductions of snapshots taken by the boys when they were to Japan.

Hope you put a copy of the 1945 year book aside for me!

Best to all my friends & the faculty.

See-you-soon

John
