March 14, 1943

Dear Nancy  -  

Thank you for advice on house-breaking the cat. All to no avail, for the poor thing died several days after receipt of your letter. Now, don't feel badly, because its death had nothing to do with the results of our treatment as you prescribed, for we never got the chance to work on her. The above is mixed up, but you get the idea, which is far easier than rewriting it, and saying your treatment (if we had used it) had nothing to do with its death, or rather disappearance. She had had a spell the previous nite, and in the early A.M. we heard a scuffle on the front porch and from then on, no pussycat. Incidently we are on the second floor, so - but she had jumped off the porch during other previous spells. We figured it was heart-worm which caused her demise. Too bad, for she was such a friendly little thing. Thought nothing of jumping up on me, while I might be lying down on the sofa in the living room, or onto Muriel's lap, when she was sitting somewhere.  -  The above doesn't sound like J.N.  -  a Sgt in the Army, does it?

I like your news. So for that, I will add some. You may have heard it but here goes. Marge Circone had a baby boy. Oh! and Walt & Kay Kabis tell you that sooner or later there will be 2 sailors in the family if the male species predominates, otherwise, perhaps a wave. Maybe, I ought to suggest the above few sentences to Winchell as a new form announcement, huh?

About Salkin.  -  We had invited him for dinner  -  fried chicken, at that, one Sunday, some 2 months or so, ago. Well, we had dinner finally, about 6:30 or so, and we still have not heard from him that he was not coming. Optimism, huh?  -  Anyhow, let me know if maybe he is a war casualty of the Gulfport Field battlezone.

Ray Kowalick is certainly enjoying a nice position. It sounds like a good deal. If I were sure of a job like that, I would go to O.C.S., myself. But, I am sitting tight, until something happens. Then, well  -  .

Dear Nancy, - I have not seen the Art boys. I did read something about one of them, Jerome Ruch, maybe, having worked on some murals at Keesler. But, tis so interested as you may well imagine. They had better stay away from me, for all art men go in as Aerial Gunner  -  611. That is the job title & military occupation spec. serial number that I would give them. P.S. That is my job, to do that to all physically fit soldiers. Notice it does not mention men, just soldiers, so I would be safe in classifying them as 611's. He! He!

Well, we two are still fine. Notice, I said 2 and not even maybe 3. Must be this southern air, but you would think it would be the opposite from looking around down here. 

How is Johnson? What goes?

Take care of yourself and be sure and see to it the Weepy Willie the Sleep Walker empties those training buckets. If you should have to use them, it might be pleasanter under the bombs. 

Anyhow, take it easy.

Nick
