June 13, 1943

Dear Nancy:

Thanks for answering with a transcript of my credits. It seems I had to have that on the information sheet necessary for M.I. because of foreign parentage. Well, it was only a matter of form, because my parents had been here about 35 years, or so. I don't think they send out any letters in cases like that. Anyways, I was called up before the board in 4 days. I passed for Adjutant General's Department  -  Classification and 2[nd] Air Corps Administration. Say, do you know any general? For A.G.D. Classification one has to be accepted in Washington, D.C. after the Field O.C.S. board has approved a soldier. Most of the time, men are not approved unless they have pressure behind them or letters of recommendation from Army big shots. I read in your letter that Christophel has just graduated from there & I know Joe Pikus has. Joe had to apply twice and finally got it, but who did Christophel know? Anyhow, very few, about 3 have been take from this field, so I am not hoping for much.  -  When I get notice of my not being accepted, I am going to withdraw from Air Corps administration. I am just as well off, as I am, right now. So, can you see, I have not been really bitten by the O.C.S. bug, just tempted for AGD  -  Class. 

You certainly gave off lots of news in your letter.

Did I mention that Al Paskow was here, and I think went out to California to work as a supply clerk. Sal Bosek is here, now, awaiting shipment in classification work. He mighty near turned out to be a gunner. (Aerial). Almost all aviation cadet eliminees turn out to be gunners unless they are too tall or are washed out of flying for tenseness, fear or airsickness.

We have WAACS down here, now. Received 17 in our office. Me  -  I got the job of breaking in 5 of them and supervising them.  -  Note  -  Muriel has been watching me, lately.

Incidentally I could have been a Staff Sergeant over 5 months, ago, but asked the Major not to give it to me, because of personal reasons. It involves a loss of money for me what with J.C. paying me my differential. So, between you and me, I have not let you down in remaining just a plain buck sergeant. But I am satisfied. Good thing, there are not too many like me, or the war would go on forever. Of course, you will keep the above quiet.

I have had a letter from Ray Kowalik. He certainly has a nice job for himself. And as for Art Roll. Boy, he would ride me, I guess, if I were with him.

By now, Walter Kabis should be a proud father. We heard from Kay about 1 week before she expected the heir, and if everything went according to schedule, another teacher should have been born.

Thanks again for the service, and if you know the general, I would appreciate any action that could be had.

Regards,

Nick

New Address  -  
HQ & HQ-AAF BTC
Keesker Fd, Miss
