29 Sept 1944
Saipan

My dear Miss Thompson,

I received your card some time ago and am very thankful to you for your sincere interest in keeping tabs on me. I couldn't write you sooner because circumstances were not conducive to letter writing.

In regard to my present location I am permitted to say this much. Somewhere in this American lake of ours called the Blue Pacific is an island Saipan. We call it "Flypan" because of the many flies. Up until last week we ate out in the open using one hand to chase flies and the other hand to eat some canned food called chow. It's really delicious, especially the dehydrated stuff, even the Jap pup who is now part of our unit twitches his nose.

I've been on this island since D+2 (June 17 1944). In the beginning things were really rough. Culture ceased to exist for about one month. Then we picked it up again. Soldiers in combat have to act that way otherwise they won't be around to pick it up after the battle. 

A minor point which you may be interested in is the fact that I am now a 1[st] Lt. rather than a shavetail.

After 3 months or so things are starting to shape up. Last week our mess hall was completed. This week we expect to have our day room completed. The boys will be happy. For the first 2 months we used to go to bed at sunset and start work at an hour after sunrise. This kept up for 7 days a week. Now we have electricity from a captured Jap generator and starting last Sunday we now have Sundays off. Isn't that grand? The island has been sprayed by planes many times but the place still remains "Flypan". It will be a miracle if we get rid of them. According to the book the temperature should go up to 85 degrees but we all swear that its somewhere around 115 degrees or 120 degrees. The humidity is very high. It rains practically every day and when it rains it pours just like Morton's salt. I've never seen it rain in such great quantities. This is supposed to be the rainy season according to the book.

Well I guess you now know where I'm at, after such a long lapse. Sorry it had to be that way. Just keep smiling though. All will come to a good end.

Please give my regards to the teachers at N.S.T.C. Censor note:  This means Newark State Teachers College.

Sincerely

Joe

Please note my change in APO
