11 Oct 1944

Dear Nancy:

Long time no hear  -  also long time no write, huh?

Anyhow, you are busy answeing overseas men who really need a letter.  -  Yes, you are forgiven.

Well  -  my story  -  on July 7 44 I left Keesler Field for:

HQ  -  AAFWTTC
1108  -  15[th] St.
Denver, Colo

Of course we arrived but only after a few delays. We had 3 blowouts en-route, bought 2 Grade 3 tires, one of which blew out and unofficially bought a third grade 3 tire to keep going. Took us four days but we made it. The two tires that I bought officially were done in the Texas manner. OK, we will send the certificates, later. To date, 3 months later, no certificates. Oh! Well, the hell with them. Since then I have legally purchased 3 Grade 1 tires and am now riding around with ease of mind. I didn't mind buying the Grade 3 tires at all. Even the one tht blew out wasn't too bad. I cost e $15.25 and I rode 147 miles on it. Well, that was only 10 cents plus per mile which is still lots better than a taxi. One gets a low down feeling when the noise of a blowout comes dancing lightly thru the open windows of a car, especially when one knows he is 25 or 30 miles from nowhere in the midst of hot Texas. How in the hell Texans can brag about Texas, I don't know unless of course, they continually compare it to Mississippi, the hell hole of the U.S.

Well, Denver, it was and only because a warrant officer insisted that I had to join up with a Classification Audit Team.  -  Funny, but he has now been removed from said team and I am doing his job, which consists of auditing and inspecting officer classification records, determining which officers are malassigned, etc in the various stations of the Western Technical Training Command. Formerly at Keesler Field, I only handled enlisted men's forms and the various procedures that go with them  -  Anyhow, such is the Army. He insists I am necessary, strictly his opinionm for he askied me  -  I said no  -  He said he wouldn't take anyone who did not volunteer  -  Here I am  -  and he isn't anymore. Incidently, I audited the station at which he is now assigend about ten days ago. Of course, I was nice to him  -  But don't let me find anything wrong, the sun-of-a-gun.

To get back to Denver. We registered in a hotel for which we had wired ahead. Were informed we would have to move out in 2 days. Very nice of them to let us stay 2 day, I thought. In the mean-time, I reported for work and Muriel starting hunting for an apartment, rooms or room. In the meantime we moved to another hotel. On her 3[rd] day of touring the streets, looking for an apt of course, lo and behold, a magnificent apt of 1 room. After 3 days of door bell ringing, sorry, nothing open, she put down a deposit. Rooms are not hard to find here, I imagine it is just that they hide them so. Anyhow, after listenin to her tales of woe, I was satisfied with the one room apartment, but I was wondering where anything went, and especially everything. For a time it was an interesting thing. One had to think which door was which for the damn thing is all doors. Anyhow we settled down, but I imagine from sheer exhaustion. This is a buffet apartment with a bed that slides around a doorway and then gently lowers itself. Thank goodness for that, because that is all it would take to finish me; to have a folding bed and wonder is this the night to get folded up.

Well, surprise of all surprised we are here, still alive and not confined to a Happy Dade institution or something. Wonderful what humans can get used to and still smile.

I stayed in Denver for two weeks and then off to Texas to inspect Sheppard Field, Wichita Falls, Texas. Nothing much there except that I couldn't stand it at the field what with the heat and the absolutely undrinkable water. Besides tasting like melted salt, it smelled bad  -  sulphur and other things. The water was so bad that soldiers bought spring water in town and carted it to the field to drink. Well, onto an air-conditioned hotel we went where the air-conditioned rooms were divine and the ice-water on tap (private source) was wonderful. Really, it was worth the hotel bill to drink the water. The people in town must have been making a fortune to endure the water. After a shower, one felt just as one does after coming out of the ocean. "That tightening of the skin feeling." Oh! Yes, the Cokes had the salt taste, also, for the bottling was done in the town. But after gagging for 2 or 3 days, the Cokes went down. Hell, one had to drink something, or die of thirst. It was 118 or so, when we were there, but that was unofficial, because the local Chamber of Chamber would not release an official temperature if it went too high  -  Honest!

Anyhow, I lived, and off to Amarillo, Texas. That was endurable, the water was drinkable and strange to say not too hot, there. We had to use blankets at nite to keep from freezing. After one month away from home I was ready to get back . To Denver we went on the 1[st] Sept.

I bought 3 new tires with official permission. We have since seen a quite a few things on Sunday, my day off. Pikes Peak via the cog wheel ride, Maniton Cable incline, Royal Gorge, Garden of the Gods, Cave of the Winds, Seven Falls, Will Rogers Shrine, and Buffalo Bill's grave. We have certainly crammed sight seeing in on our one day per week.  -  Oh! Yes, we do two stations from HQ that are nearby Denver. The team is down at Keesler, again, but I am here in HQ  -  They sent a man out to do my job and I do his here. Thank goodness. Too bad it is not a permanent change, for he has a nice job. He takes care of the HQ end of the officers records for the command while I do the field work.

His job  -  supervision of seven civilian girls  -  own boss and all the time in Denver. Oh! Well, I will have been in Denver for 2 months, before I go out to the west coast. Los Angeles area and perhaps up to Seattle. I am going to enjoy those trips or trip for I have never been out west. When in Denver  -  California is west.  -  Well, we are both in fine health (not expecting an heir) and waiting for the war to end.

Regards & best wishes to you.

Nick

P.S.  -  We have been going horseback riding but am now able to sit down  -  never will get to the point of being a cowboy, though.

P.P.S.   -  Please note change of address for school news.
