30 April 1945
Marianas Is

My dear Miss Thompson,

Please don't worry about my scientific temperment. I won't come home with one of these natives hitched to my barracks bag. Every now and then we come across a native girl who is really cute; but that is as far as it goes. Communication is very difficult. We have about 30 native men working in our shops and about 25 native women cutting grass and policing our company grounds. At times I find myself trying to talk to them (In line of duty mind you) but usually give it up because my TM30-641 "Japanese Phrase Book" is not complete enough. Oh I could read the words all right but when I try to group them together I usually run into difficulty. It's a lot of fun.

We have to keep a guard over the women to see they are not molested or stray away from the assigned area. By the way I'm the number one man. It simply means I'm a 1[st] Lt. The corporal in charge of the detail ranks about 50 or 60 in their estimation so they disregard him and pay attention to the brass and the higher non-coms.

I think the cartoon you made mention of was very appropriate. It is extremely difficult for East to meet West. The cultural backgrounds differ too much and understanding is lacking. Ok so I'll wait till the war is over (about 1 (1/2) years) and get myself hitched up to one of the beauties around NSTC. Are there lots of pretty ones around? I hope so! By golly I'm getting ole and no contacts, either.

I was glad to receive Jim Kezer's address. Thanks a lot. I shall write him very shortly.

The war news in Europe sounds pretty good. We need lots of help here. The prelude is over and the main show is about to begin. The climax is a long way off but I can assure you it will be in our favor definitely. 

Things here have quited down considerably. We have many of the luxuries of life however the atmosphere being Army is not desirable. Our food is fine and our quarters are dry. Work at present is better than it used to be. The war has passed us and we are now the man behind the man behind the gun. 

The heat sometimes gets to a terrific stage. The humidity is especially high. This of course causes me to wonder what bad I have committed to cause St. Peter to send me here. When I get back I will surely be a good sweet little boy because I want to go to heaven.

Say, what is the jist of all these reports I hear about girls back home? I'm told the men are scarce and the girls are beginning to worry. Is that true? It looks like they got it bad. You know, most of the boys out here have it bad too. It must be terrific when all these single boys go home on furlough and come back married. Woe is me.

How is Miss Acton coming along? I haven't received a letter from her in a long time.

Well it's time for me to close. Please give my regards to Mr. Hatch, Mr. Richmond, and all the rest.

Bye now,

Joe
