AIR CORPS TECHNICAL SCHOOL
KEESLER FIELD, MISSISSIPPI

May 10

Dear Nancy,

This stationary is not as nice, I mean beautiful, but it is still Nick writing  -  so  -  everything is O.K. in (illegible)???

As for Nick being Joseph  -  There is a little story attached to that.

I imagine I have told you that I was born & baptized Joseph Nicholas because of the fact that I appeared in this world on March 18, day after St. Joseph's day and a day before St. Patrick's day. Well, with Patrick being an Irish name and my mother Italian, what could she do but call me Joseph for the Italians try to name children after a saint. After the decision, she suddenly remembered she had a boy named Joseph, my older brother, so to make amends she made me Joseph Nicholas. Now, thru out the years, I have gone as J. Nicholas because of the above. I was interviewed at the induction station, and upon being asked my name, replied J. Nick -. The buck-ass private doing the asking, insisted my name was Joseph N.  -  and who was I to argue with the Army. So, address me as P.F.C. Joseph N. Fiore. As you notice, I am a PFC, as as April 24, My! My, am I going places. Really, though, a PFC is an advancement, the first stage, of course, but one that every enlisted man has to go thru.

So, all men are not civilized, are they? Well, maybe you are right. But it hurts my pride to say so. I clipped out that part of the letter and sent it to Muriel not Miriam. She was down here for 8 days and nights, I was a man, again. Now  -  what else  -  but a soldier, of course. We are planning on having her arrive here June 22. Come June 22, I am a man again. Nancy, that is what the Army does to one. Otherwise, I have not changed one iota. Not much. But we are at war, and things are happening. At last, I have read some good news in the papers in regards to the naval battle. Did I spell the right naval?  -  Oh! Yes.

Say, you should have gotten my picture. Good, huh? Later on, I will send you a picture of me in khaki. It suits my temperment better. My! My, how I have changed. No, but really, the khaki uniforms make one look much better. You know the saying about it not being the man but what he wears and in the same respect not the woman but what she does not wear. Anyhow the uniforms make us look good. Of course, I am just judging by me & my studies.  -  The above sounds just like forward Nick and all his nerve, back again, huh?

If you have not picked my pen out, you can get a sky-blue one for me, piped with organge. Air-corps colors, except that the sky-blue should be cobalt blue. But it sounds nicer. 

You mentioned John Bullsh -- Dickey as co-ordinator. Well, I must say he is big enough for the job. He! He!

It is summer time down in "ole Miss". It is rather muggy at times which makes it it rather unpleasant but as long as one moves slowly it is not so bad.

Your X,

Nick
