Dear Miss Thompson  -  

Thanks so much for the swell letter which you wrote to Helen and which I now have. Also the "Service Mens News" I've located a lot of lost friends. I may suggest whenever possible include the complete mailing address of each individual.

You'll not by the fancy letter head which I made that I am at present located somehwere in the Pacific  -  that's all I can say. I flew from New York to Frisco  -  then from there in another plane out here. This trip was so much fun. Since then I've flown a good many miles in Navy planes. I can't tell you my duties. I am not a pilot but enjoy traveling and living with them.

I live with two Navy pilots and a Public Works officer  -  all from the South. They call me the Yankee  -  I call them the Rebels  -  but we really have fun and enjoy each others company.

I miss the States so very much but know very well if I returned it wouldn't be more than a few days that I'd long to be back for the stuff out here! I hope I'll be able to contact more of the `ole timers from good `ole normal school  -  It will always be that to me and not Teachers College!

At last I've gotten my oil paints and I am in the process of painting some of the most beautiful scenes I've ever witnessed! The color in the water is most beautiful.

Yesterday I went fish shooting  -  long steel rod, elastic rubber band and a tube-like gun! Diving glasses and down among the coral of real color! Here fish swim all around you  -  so strange looking  -  so clear under there! We didn't hit any fish yesterday but did get two beautiful lobsters! Yes I said lobsters! I shot it with this underwater gun in about 10-12 feet of water. It retreated rod and all into a crevice of a large coral formation. After coming up for air and ducking back under about 30 times we finally shot this fellow enough for us to pull him out of his hiding place! The second was lots easier I tell you after watching a marine friend of mine do this strange bit of business it was fun learning the technique  -  except its very strenuous and not always too safe.

Gosh how I wish I were talking to you in your library instead of writing thousands of miles away! Please say hello to Arnold Hess  -  also Miss Mitchell, Miss Kain especially  -  and all the other friends I have at NSTC  - 

Love,

Joe

Ensign J. Domarecki
