UNITED STATES ARMY
FORT BENNING, GEORGIA

July 5, 1945

Dear Miss Thompson,

How is everything at Newark State? I imagine things are comparitively quiet for summer.

I received your letter about Ralph and I appreciate very much your sending it. Mother had sent me a newspaper clipping, but I didn't know all of the details.

All of us have truly lost a grand fellow, and I cannot say how sorry I was to learn of Ralph's passing. I have written to his folks and hope that, by now, they have gotten over the worst of the shock.

Our outfit is still here in the rebel country. It doesn't seem as though we will ever leave, although we have been alerted for overseas duty, with all our equipment, since the twentieth of May.

This equipment we have been trained to operate is something new in the way of a device to locate enemy guns by sound. Our class is the third of its kind, the first class being the only one to go over as yet. The first class has tested the equipment under combat conditions in some of the recent Pacific operations, and found it to work.

Each class consists of five teams and each team contains seven enlisted men and one officer. The team is an independent organization, such as a company or battery, although not nearly as large in regard to manpower.

During the time we have been here, since the completion of our training, we haven't done much of anything except take it easy. Among Fort Benning's better qualities is a fine swimming pool and beautiful golf course, which I frequent quite often. We also play a lot of softball with the other classes, and usually win at that. For the past few weeks we have taken a G.I. bus to a lake nearby, on Sunday, and picnicked for the day. Doesn't sound much like the army does it  -  particularly the Infantry  -  which, by the way, Miss Thompson, I hope you realize is the best branch. Well, we are expecting orders any time so we might as well store up on good times now, until after the war is over.

Would you please remember me to Dr. Downs, Dr. Shea, Miss Seazer and Mr. Richardson?

Cheerio for now,

Joe
