HARBOR DEFENSE
SAN FRANCISCO

Aug 16, 1944

Dear Miss Thompson,

First of all I'd like to point out the fact that my name is not Walter. Flint's first name is Walter and Bittman's first name is Walter but Hale's is not. Now that that bit of information is taken care of I will commence with this long intended letter.

California still has me in its clutches. The weather in this haven of supposedly abundant sunshine has shown an inclination toward becoming beautiful as compared with the drab blanket of fog which is almost continually present during the better part of the year. San Francisco, I believe, is the only city in our land in which one can wink at a girl and get an eye wash at the same time. People don't whistle at girls out here  -  it is customary to blow a fog horn. However the days that are nice are fitting to bash in the sun and I have coaxed a fair tan from Old Sol.

Then too, the weather a few miles away from the bay area is usually favorable and I spend many an enjoyable hour on pass, away from camp, swallowing the pleasures that accompany swimming, horseback riding, hiking, and an occassional bit of tennis. There are numerous places at which to dance, including one large beautiful outdoor floor. It is surrounded by a white lattice fence which is interrupted by a most attractive band stand. Strings of colored lights and lanterns are spun among the trees which rise up through the floor and form a semi-shelter overhead.

Last week I was transferred from the outfit I had been assigned to since I was last home, to my present station. I walked into my new quarters and found that I was going to bunk right next to Pete DeFinis. What a surprise. Pete and I took training together a year ago at Camp McQuaide but we were separated when I came to the Harbor Defenses and he went to radar school. Now we are both doing radar work and I find it most interesting. There isn't much I can tell you about actual operation since it is highly confidential material.

It's about time to hit the sack Miss Thompson so I'll say good night.

Cheerio,

Joe
