Jan 25, 1944

Dear Nancy:

Your last letter was very fat and newsy. You are to be given a gold star, that is if I can find one.

Well, I was certainly surprised to read about Stryker's baby dying. That must have been a shock to them. It was to me, for I didn't even know they had had one. George just dropped out of my sphere of things. Well, I imagine I couldn't do anything for him, and he never appreciated my cute remarks to Evelyn. So  -  By the way  -  nothing to report for us, yet  -  except still trying. Ho! Hum!

I don't know if I mentioned the fact that the Sullivans had had another child, a baby girl. I think I did.

Lennie does not know how lucky he is to stay out of this thing. If I were he, I would get one of those little pins showing that I had been up for induction, get an extra job, save all the money I could and just feel good and happy about the whole situation. Enough said about that.

I almost went over around Christmas time. It came fairly close to me for they had to have college men & physically fit. But they dug up enough, and all I did was take an extra physical exam.  -  That is only another way of saying "take your clothes off  -  OK  -  dress."

Oh! Yes. To get things straight. I am not in headquarters of Keesler Field. I am NCOIC (non-commissioned officer in charge) of the "Interviewing of Recruits" Section. About 30 men under me, including Staff Sergeants, 4 of them, in fact. I am only a buck sergeant, yet, but that was because I requested it, as such, for personal reasons. Anyhow, I work in the classification section. And, I do all the carpenter & sign painting work around the building. For instance, the picture enclosed.  -  I have read in the NSTC News, several times that I am in Headquarters. Well, I just remembered to tell you the whole truth. Ahem! Ahem!

The weather down here is warm, especially warm, today. Oh! about 60 degrees or so. Jealous! We really have had 2 nites when it has gone to 28 degrees above zero (of course). Other than those 2 nites, all have been fairly warm. We can expect some cold weather in Feb.

Well, I, or rather we, got to see the Sugar Bowl game on New Year's day. New Orleans was jammed. The games was very good and the tires "held up" down and back, so a good day was had by all. Incidentally, we happened to see one of those captured 2-man Japanese submarines while we were walking to the hotel for dinner. Perhaps one of them has been up around Newark?

I am enclosing some pictures of us, the cat (blur) and our Christmas tree. The last shot was taken with an old box camera, 3  -  100 watt bulbs and two lamps shades (paper) as reflectors, not bad for Biloxi, the hell-hole of the coast. Oh! Yes, we had a killing 2 days ago. They do not need a paper, down here, for by the time it is published, the news is old. Oh! Well, if I don't like it here, I can move away, huh!

I have not heard from Vinnie, either, since I received his Christmas card, and he owes me a letter. He is very faithful about writing. Perhaps he has moved away. I also have always been under the impression that he was stationed at the Hawaiian Islands.  -  Please enclose his address if you hear from him before I do, and I shall do likewise.

Other than the above, matters are just as usual down here. We both send our best wishes to you. Please say hello to Minnie for me.

Nick
