WASHINGTON, D.C.

5 April 45

Dear Nancy  -  

Your letter was certainly a newsy letter.  -  Incidentally, I haven't been receiving the Service Men's News recently. It may be of course, because I have changed my military home address.

New Address  -  
S/Sgt J.N. Fiore 32 208 492
HQ  -  First Air Force
Sect A  -  100 AAFBU
Mitchel Field, N.Y.

   Yes, it sounds good, but I am not there too often. I was reassigned from Denver just before Christmas to join up with, or rather make up one of the Classification Audit Teams for the First Air Force. Since then, I have survived the mass transferral of thousands of AAF men to the Infantry and have audited Selfridge Field, Mich; Richmond AAB, Va; Cha(arleston AFB) S.C; Blumenthal AAF, N.C; Seymour Johnson AAB, N.C: Mitchel Field, N.Y, itself and spent 10 days in Washington, D.C. about 2 weeks ago. Last time I was here we worked on accumulating some records for the First Air Force out of HQ  -  AAF. Confidential work. Now, we are back here going to audit the cast of "Winged Victory". You have probably read about its closing soon. Well, we are here to insure the correctness of their classification records preparatory to their being reassigned to jobs, Hell some of those boys might be in combat areas soon  -  of course, they won't be glad to see us and our weapons  -  pens & paper. 
   
   That brings us up to date about me and my tra(vels), except for my co(????)ting from Mitchel to Jersey City (35 miles) when I am home. Now, I know what commuters fatigue is. Only spend 4 (1/4) hours per day when I get the chance. Oh! Yes, and they are mighty particular here about days off.  -  One per week  -  Sunday and only when we are at the home base  -  Mitchel  -  to get the benefits of it. It was lots nicer in Denver, really. We were enjoying ourselves out there what with sightseeing picnics and horseback riding.  -  Off time  - 
   
   Family news  -  no junior or signs of one as yet. I imagine we will have to adopt one and then have twins immediately thereafter as nature is so inclined to do. Even that wouldn't be too bad.
   
   Say, I don't know whether or not I told you of my sister Phil, who lost her husband over England in a plan crash in June 1944. One of those unfortunate accidents in which two of our planes we involved. The toughest pill for her to accept was that it was his first trip, for which he had pulled a lot of strings in order to get on the ship. To go on, she took a leave of absence from her teaching job in North Arlington, joined the Red Cross and darned if she didn't go overseas to England. Of course she got to see his grave and talked to the child of a woman who died as a result of burns incurred as she was helping a gunner (sole survivor of 8  -  still in hospital though) from the flaming wreckage. Quite a story but one of the many unfortunate incidents of war. Quite a coincidence for her to be assigend to the area in which he lost his life, for usually the Red Cross is careful of that sort of thing. But, it happened, and it possibly has helped her some to see the grave and at least be sure he was dead. And not have those terrible doubts because of not having seen the burial. 
   
   Perhaps you have noticed Michael A. Fiore, Liberation Ticket Candidate running for Commissioner of Jersey City, anti-Hague. In case you haven't that is my brother, graduate of Newark State Normal School. Too bad, Hague didn't get picked apart in the Warren suit, for it might have enhanced their chances. Oh `well, nothing ventured, nothing gained. And I don't think they will bother him and am sure they won't touch me (veteran, you know what a scream that could be) if he loses by a good deal. If he loses by just a little it might mean a good job. He seems to be enjoying the campaign. 
   
   I had a letter from Vinnie who said he met up with George Bis down in the Philippines and are getting reaquainted. Incidentally I ran into Biz at Christmas time. I ran into and audited Saul Bosek down at Charleston AAB. His wife wasn't with him, but was expected to rejoin him just about this time.
   
   I also ran into a fellow (about 34) teaching in Newark who knew Lacey Louten & that crowd. Sort of red-faced but darn if I can recall his name. He was an aerial gunner instructor at Charleston, S.C.
   
   I have been flying in a C-47 to these places that we visit. On one of the trips I got airsick. What a miserable feeling that is, I never have been seasick, but I would say airsickness is worse. It was a particularly rough day and I was sitting near the tail of the plane. The tail gets whipped around quite a bit and what with hitting air pockets it was quite rough. To top it all off I had a very bad head cold which didn't help me one iota. I haven't gotten sick since that early trip, thank goodness.
   
   I am fairly close to Newark, some 45 miles, but unable to get over to see you as things stand now. But perhaps something will break and might get an afternoon off. 
   
   Regards to all of you
   
   Nick
   
