AIR CORPS TECHNICAL SCHOOL
KEESLER FIELD, MISSISSIPPI

Pvt. Joseph N. Fiore
Barracks 13
309 School Squadron
Keesler Field
Miss

April 1

Dear Miss Thompson:

I know I have been negligent, but the Army keeps one busy, espectially when one is a buck-ass private, as the saying goes. Of course, when gets to know how to do things  -  well that's different. So  -  you see I am writing to you now  -  O.K.  -  Forgiven  -  

I shall review my Army career to date  -  It makes an interesting story, especially the final part. Just like in a story book. But, I will start in the beginning. Here goes.

I left my wife on the morning of Feb. 7 at Penn R.R. station in Nwk and boarded the train for Camp Dix, N.J. Upon arrival there in the rain, we were introduced to the old Army game, waiting. I think waiting is a specific course, for one does a hell of a lot of it. The first few days passed uneventfully except for various duties such as one night in a warehouse until 11:30 P.M. and a day detail of Latrine Duty  -  (Toilets to you). I saw that was not so hot, so J.N. looked around and behold! I knew a fellow working in the tool room. Needless to say, I did not do any work from then-on. As assistant to the assistant tool room clerk, I was relieved of all further extra duties. Just a little fast thinking. By this time, I had gotten a lot of information to wit: that is was not necessary to observe the 14-day quarrantine that the Army imposes on new recruits  -  of course that is if you were not caught. So, Muriel from the 3[rd] night on, came down every nite until my departure from Dix. Well, it was like living home again.

After the 1[st] 4 days at a training center, one starts looking on the bulletin board for shipment lists. We had been tested, ahem, ahem! I did well  -  138 in my Mech. Aptitude. The next day I had been interviewed by Saul Bosek, who, I thought would help me. Well, after being interviewed by him, I asked to be an instructor in the Air Corps. Sort of taking it for granted I would be sent to the Air Corps, I forgot about it. Well, after about a week in camp, one nite after my wife had left me off about 12:00, I walked over to the bulletin board and  - G*-XG my name on an Infantry shipment. I went into the 1[st] Sergeant for permission to see the company commander. Well, after a short argument, he said O.K. To be get even with me, he made me wait an hour or so. Bashful, me reminded him that I was waiting, and if he did not allow me to go in mighty soon, I would go in un-unannounced and explain why. Well, I went into see the 1[st] Lt. after that. "It" do any good to talk to him, because he would not let me go over to Headquarters to see if I could talk to someone. Then I was hot, but never the less still scheming. I waited for clothing inspection as you have to do before shipment. Of course, I asked the inspection corporal to allow me to go over to see the classification officer, but he would not let me. My insulting him did not help, either. Anyhow, I got out of that, about 11:45 and met Muriel who was down that day. She drove me over to the classification office that I could not get permission to go to. By that time, I did not care what they said. Well, the officer was not there. I think I talked to 3 soldiers, before I got the officer's orderly. I told him my story and asked was there anything he could do. He said he would relay my message to the officer who would return about 1 or so, just when I would be getting set to go on the train. I asked him was he bullshi---- me, in plain words and he said, "No". He said if anything was to happen, it would happen at the train. Well, I stood in the long room where they call your name off, heard mine, had my baggage taken from me, and stood waiting outside the train car assigned to me. And no message  -  Well, during the (1/2) hour we waited at the train steps, I strained my eyes looking for messengers. Finally with desperation, I walked over to some nice looking Lieutenant, and asked him very nicely, (I can be very nice when I want to) would he run over to the classification building and see if there was not some sort of change in destination for me. Surprise of surprises, he said "Yes" and went over to the Bldg which is only (1/2) mile or so away. Then the time did go by for me. Finally I saw 2 men come out of the Bldg and  -  finally it seemed a year, when they got close to the train, I saw that one was a captain and the other, my guardian saint, the nice Lt. The captain yelled out that I was scratched. I lived again. Honestly, I felt that bad about going into the infantry. Well, the captain told me it would be hard for me to find my bags. So, the Lt. god bless him, said he would help me find it  -  and darned if he did not find it after us going thru some 200 bags or so. I would have gladly paid for the stuff in the bags, if we hadn't found them. Well, the shipment went one man short because the supernumeraries had been dismissed an hour, ago. The captain remarked  on how unusual it was for a man to be scratched at train time and especially when it made the shipment a man less. 

After the Dule Dare episode as related above, nothing interesting could happen to me at Dix.

On Feb 20, I left for Keesler Field, Miss. & arrived on Sun. Feb 22. Well, I made up my mind J.N. was not going to be caught unaware again at the last minute. The episode, above, did unnerve me just a triple. Really, I almost shi_ my pants, but that was then and I was now starting anew. So, on Tues morning, starting out bright and early, after 7 no-good sergeants, I finally saw a nice Lieutenant. The sergeants tried to stall me off, but not me. I do not take no for an answer very readily. Well, I asked this Lt. for an instructor job after telling him my qualifications, bragged about my I.Q. and told him of my experience as a teacher, I mean (P.S. Joke). He informed me that I would have to go to school, first, in any event.  -  I kept harping on the instructor's job because Bob Salkin who I saw at Dix and who is to start in Air Mechanic's school down here some time next week, showed me a form letter he had need from Civil Service, Chanute Field, Illinous asking him if he wanted to go to a technical school, and upon graduation qualify as an civilian instructor in the Air Corps. This was sent to him because he was a qualified Industrial Arts Teacher. So am I. To get back to the 1[st] Lt. in Classification down here, who listened to me so intently, I will go on. But not before saying I like people who listen to me.  -  Result, I liked him. Anyhow, he said he would like to use me as an interviewer of trademen who say they are trademen, or as a Trade Test Administrator. Right off the bat, that did not appeal to me, but after 10 seconds thought, I figured out that it was not bad, at all. He, having been a former teacher, noticed the hesitation, and said if I was not sure, to come back in a day or so, and let me know. Very white of him, indeed. I did. I had to wait for about 2 weeks before putting in a request for Permanent Party in Classification, because I was doing Basic Training (Marching). At the end of that I spent 1 morning out in the dumps picking up tins cans out of dirty stagnant water and making piles of the same cans. The next day I reported for work, thank God. Oh' yes, one little incidental I forgot to mention. We did K.P. duty. Awakened at 2:45 A.M. Arrived at the mess hall at 3:00 A.M. Rested for a half-hour by some stange misunderstanding. From 3:30 A.M. and on, I served, cleaned off tables, scrubbed with G.I. brush and soap, rinsed with water, swept floors, mopped floors alternately until 10:30 P.M. What a day and nite. Oh! Yes, I forgot to mention we mopped several porches and a few other incidentals like moving 15 bread boxes or so in order to stack them up again, evenly. I do not think I sat down 1 hour during that 19 (1/2) stretch. K.P.  -  never again.  -  Ordinaril, K.P.'s are excused at 8 or 8:30 P.M. but it just happened the K.P. sergeant took offense because we called him a Rebel Bastard and a few other things. How were we to know he would take it to heart. To pay up for that, he allowed us (under threats, of course) to cut 16 tubs of butter extra. So 10:30, we just about plodded home.

I started to work in a white collar job. I think I will pay the Army, instead of what is happening now. You know I am only kidding. Well, we give aptitude test of different sorts to men with a General Classification Test (I.Q.) scores of 100 or over. If they pass the various tests they are sent to some form of an Air Corps school. Just like being a teacher. It is really nice work 6 days work  -  1 day off as today is. This has really been my first day off, even though it is the start of my 3[rd] week. There is a story to that, also. Muriel is coming down here Friday nite, April 3 and is staying Easter Vacation. Well, it seems one can get a 3-day pass down here. Knowing that, and what with the Lt. just at that time needing someone to make signs (lettering) for him, little J.N. quietly informed him they were as good as made. He had been having a commercial letterer do some, but the fellow did not have any initiative in laying out the material, so the Lt. was glad to let me do it, for it was laying out shop courses. This is another Lt., by the way. Well, I spent a week making 13 big signs (50 3/4 " x 30 5/8") for him. And they were almost as good as the letterer. Besides those, since then I have made 8 chalk sketches on the blackboards for him  -  to demonstrate the Practice Trade Tests, also 1 working model which he was very much pleased about. Result  -  I am almost assured the 3 day-pass for this Sat, Sun, and Mon.  -  Whoopie.

As a trade test administrator, I am very good compared to the other 3 new men they have taken in. They are either soft-voiced or monotones. Me  -  I am loud and good enough when I want to be and with administering these trade tests  -  right up my alley. So, I am in good with the Lt. and doing all rite so far.

The only thing that hurts down here is revielle at 5:15 A.M. Imagine  -  Worst than that,  when we first arrived it was at 4:45 A.M. You could never have told me that I would be getting up at that time. But, I am.

Bob Salkin told me about Dick Baldsiifen being killed in a crash, which I imagine you have heard about by this time.

Say, do you know, I started this narrative at 3:00 and and am still waiting at 6:30. I have had chow, dinner civilized world, besides tending to a few other incidentals in the ordinary course of life. Very well put, huh? Anyhow, this long one ought to make up for the lack of the short letters to date. I really have written to very few people but my wife, so I have not slighted you very much at all. Do not mind the spelling or scratched out places. This is the Army and my knee does not make a good writing table.

We live in the barracks and the food is as good as can be expected. No steaks, of course, but plenty of substantial foods. Me  -  I am on a diet. No bread or potatoes for I have to keep the waist line in shape, or rather in line with the rest of me, and not extended like Mr. Sloan's for instance. How is that, that, women-dominated worm, (earthworm at that, Baldy Richmond, and blowhard Hatch? Fine and dandy, I'll bet. Too bad. Give Minnie my regards.

I imagine I mentioned that Muriel will be down Easter time which will make things O.K. for a while. I think I will allow her to take a year or so from school. I do not know yet, but it is a mighty fine idea. Huh?

Well, I have written a lot of crap, but that is just about what you get down here in the beginning. Now that I am Permanent Party in Trade Testing it has definitely improved. Fairly soon, I might be even liking it.  -  But, I shall reserve decision on that important issue.

Your friend  -  

Nick
