Your letter of Sept. 4 was most amusing. I chuckled all through lunch and I am thoroughly ashamed of myself for not writing before this. No excuse to be offered  -  I just let all my correspondence slide which does not prevent me from going everyday & sometime twice a day and expecting mail. Rank egotism!

I have been feeling sort of at loose ends as nothing definite had been assigned to me but now I feel like a free woman with a definite job to do and each hour that passes is one hour closer to victory. I've become really at "home" here. We have a great deal of personal freedom and after our work is done we may do was we wish with no bed-check hanging above our heads. The food is marvelous or else my appetite is and Washington is a constant challenge. I have been lost there more time than I can relate.

Two or three places I have finally anchored in my mind and use them as bases for further explorations. The first night as was here, naturally, timid as I was with a barracks bag and a suitcase to unpack  -  I walked to the Capitol. I arrived before it's just at dusk with two or three inadequate lamps glowing meekly before it as the only illumination. It was just a huge mountain of stone and brick with steps leading up and up as far as I could see there in the dark. Architecturally atrocious, as it is, the romanticist-idealist in me was all but overcome by the significance of this building. The shadows lent it a certain dignified beauty which it loses in the daytime and I shall never feel quite toward it as I did that first night as I sat aching with fatigue on a cold stone bench and was surrounded by its political and historical glamour. Private Beach goes to Washington.

I haven't seen many place in and about Washington for I want to have loads of time to look at my leisure and am very careful whom I pick to share such visits with me. One afternoon I rushed hither and you with some friends of a friend of mine, in Washington for the day and determined to see "all." I can truthfully say I saw nothing!

I've discovered one very nice weekly event  -  the Sunday evening concert at the National Galleries. Some very fine performers appear there and its very accessible and free. I've not had time to thoroughly explore the Gallery but my first impression was of its vulgarity and coldness. How far superior is the Museum of Modern Art!

Since I'm on the Swing Shift for the first time I must start for work at a strange time today. Four o'clock P.M. and it is 3:30 now.

Please write soon.

Julia 
