Dear Miss Thompson....perhaps some day I'll call you Nancy, but Miss Thompson, sort of run together, is much more a term of affection than any other.

	I've shrugged my harness off for just a while tonight and I'm going to write to people: Naturally, I've received no mail `cause I've written to no one. I think, really, underneath the fact that you're no doubt quite annoyed with me, that you can understand that. I'll try to explain a little of what I mean. It's not only that my work is interesting, although that's a large part of it, or even enough to say that it's important. It's that I can see how important it is. Day after day, night after night, the importance of my work and that of the people about me, is [illegible] flung in my face. As a civilian you see your friend's brother, the boy up the street, perhaps someone you loved being shipped out. I see hundreds of boys being shipped out. I listen to them tell me that they're afraid or listen to them boast. I listen to their ideals and their pessisms; I learn to make hellos and goodbyes casual and not to like anyone too much. And I also am in a position to know how crucial the situation is. That those who go to the Pacific Area have the minutest chances of ever returning whoe. And maybe it sounds insincere or dramatic, but I feel I just can't do enough: It's as simple as that.

	Do you think I am too concerned about the war in the Pacific? I'll tell you why. I think the germans are slated to lose. How soon is another problem, but unless their technological advances are too great, they should go down in a year, or at the very most, two.

	If it takes us two years to beat the Germans, we may have lost the war.

	As I'm one of those obnoxious creatures who reads the paper and sees something there that's different from what the words say, I'm worried. When the paper boasts of our military might by marveling that we can carry on a full-scale offensive in Europe and open another front in the Phillipines, I shudder to think of how serious the situation must be in the Far East if we must divert men from Europe to slow Japan's advances.

	I know that in the Dutch East Indies and Manchuria, the Japs possess a better supply of raw materials than any we have access to. I think it was Hutch who said that after Japan's conquests in the Pacific, she had control of more of the world's wealth than any other nation. Of course, it would take some time to develop those resources, although some of that developing has certainly has been done in Manchuria, and transport the stuff to Japan's industrial centers. It would seem that our occupation of the Phillipines would provide us with a base from which to harass Japanese shipping between the Indies and the Japanese mainland. If our Navy had not been so successful last Oct., we would be in a bad way indeed.

	It would also seem that we can eventually win the battle in the Phillipines because our naval superiority will make it possible for us to continue to pour men and supplies in while the Japs can't. If we can take the Phillipines, if we can stop Jap shipping, if we can get supplies to China so they can continue to hold a large force of Japanese troops, if Germany surrenders next fall, I think we can beat Japan. I think the level of our technical work and the weight of our productive capacity should help us a lot here.
Sound ok?

	So please forgive me. I just take my work very seriously, and please write to me.

                                                                         Love,
                                                                              
                                                                         Julia
                                                                              
P.S. It's easy to see, on looking this over, that my job is not as a typist!!

P.S. #2 Some SECRET stuff might be slipped in here so...repeat with discretion should you repeat!

P.S. #3 Tell the college I'm still but a mere buck private and not corp. as they've been addressing me. (that's their abbreviation, not mine.)
