                                                                   9 June 1945
                                                                          1845
                                                                              
Dear Miss thompson,

As I sit here on special watch on a psycho patient, I can write to you. I am on a four hour watch  -  a "treat" we are subject to every other night. today, however, in the middle of a rather lonesome feeling, the mail revealed your yearbook dedication. It is a very expressive one is it not? I can't believe that this time last year we were thinking about marching in that very procession. What a lot has happened in that year!

Never have I imagined I could have such a busy life. You see we work every day (naturally), and then every other night, our duty night, we are subject to call on special watches. tonight I am lucky, I get off at 8:00, but the night before last I was called out at 0330 and stayed on `till it was time to start working for the day. You see  -  sometimes we don't hit it too easy.

My regular work keeps me very busy but oh so happy! My student is almost finished now and after we get things squared away with him one of us in the department should get orders out of here. Each one of us is hoping to be "the" one `cause camp Le Jeune is certainly away from civilization. I have my eye on a convalescent hospital in Asbury Park, as has half the Hospital Corps.

Mother tells me about all the people from school she sees and I really have a wonderful reporter there. the service news is wonderful too. I enjoy that so very much.

We are getting large drafts from the west coast quite frequently now. the last one was filled with Iwo Jima patients. there are so many boys in cast of various sizes and shapes. We have all had a lot of fun watching one boy who is in a body cast. He was asked so many times what bones had been broken, that he had some draw, on the cast, just where his trouble was. Over all these bone drawings he wrote, "Now you don't have to ask do you?" the first time you look at it, you get a start I assure you.

We are having terribly hot weather now, and we go to the beach every chance we get. the beach isn't exactly a resort, it's the beach the Coast Guard uses for landing maneuvers, but it's a beach so no one objects in the least.

Miss thompson, you'd be surprised how much I think of the school  -  formal and informal sides. Somehow, my life seemed concerned more with the informal. I wonder why!

You are probably all very busy with commencement plans. (Was that word spelled correctly?) I read the list of graduates in the News last night. I would love to be there again tis year. What a lucky break for me that I could be there last year.

My patient has been sitting on the deck putting all the waste paper from one wastebasket into another for fully fifteen minutes. I'm just letting her along `cause she's real happy doing just that. I must make out charts on her now. I got a very lucky chance  -  I'm to take her to Bethesda, Maryland to the hospital there next Tuesday. It will be a wonderful trip!

Goodnight Miss thompson and thank you for all your "helps" toward making me feel remembered. 

Most Sincerely  - 

Louise!
