[WAVES LOGO: ANCHOR]
WAVES
U.S. NAVAL HOSPITAL
NEW RIVER, NORTH CAROLINA
                                                             21 September 1944
                                                                              
Dear Miss thompson,

Having moved around and going through the "orientation period" three times, I can now settle down to write. As you can see by my address I am in New River and unless you've ever seen New River you will never know what that means. We are an hours ride away from a railroad station. It is really discouraging when you think of it but I'm really happy here.

I work in the Navy hospital here and the work is the most interesting and fascinating that I have ever done. Our hours are long, but packed full of interest. One day I work from 6:30A.M. to 4:00 P.M. and the next from 8:00 A.M. to 9:00 P.M. We have every other weekend off from Saturday noon until Sunday midnight, but  -  on the other weekend we work from 8:00 A.M. to 9:00 P.M. on Saturday and 6:30 A.M. to 9:00 P.M. on Sunday. It would be pretty bad if I wasn't so happy.

The experience of being with so many girls from every part of the country is great in itself. At home when I found someone I didn't care too much for I could just keep out of her way. Not here though  -  the only escape is to leave the base and then you are A.W.O.L., so the easiest thing to do is to analyze the situation and decide that maybe someone isn't so bad after all.

My work is on the hardest ward in the hospital, but also the most satisfying. I'm on the Contagion Ward. I realize that it must be a little hard on a mother and father to hear that their daughter works there, but as I said before, it is the best place to work. the patients there are really sick and you can get a big thrill out of seeing them respond to your care and get well. It is hard and strenuous work too because the Navy has very strict rules as to the wearing of gowns and masks whenever you work with a patient. When attired in those outfits you begin to wonder which would be worse  -  to get the disease or suffocate.

the base here is the biggest place I have ever seen. We must take a bus to get any place we care to go. they have a railroad here to get one group of supplies to another part of the base and about five or six fire departments, they also have more Marines than I knew were in the world. there are very few Navy people and we are really quite a novelty I guess. It looks queer to see a group of Navy people sitting together in the theatres etc. And  -  we have to sit together  -  for the safety of the Navy's sake.

I just can't believe that I'm in North Carolina. After this war I'm not coming any farther south than Pennsylvannia I promise. the heat is simply terrific and the storms we have are just like hurricanes. I've never known such heat though, and they claim that is lasts `till November.

My family has been most discouraged about my letter writing schedule I do believe, but as you can see my time is definitely limited and I get so tired sometimes I could cry. they told us that if we get a crying feeling to just go ahead and cry and we would feel better. Some people really take them up on that too.

We had a very interesting case two weeks ago. We had a boy in the Iron Lung and my, what was to be learned during his stay in that! What a marvelous piece of machinery that is. He had infantile paralysis and it affected his lungs, and to see that "Lung: make him breathe was really a sight.

My free time is over now and I must go to duty. I'm really glad to have written to you. You must have felt neglected. Mother is in the same predicament  -  In fact she called up one day thinking I was sick `cause she hadn't heard from me.

I would be very glad to hear from you too Miss thompson  - 

Good bye for now,

Louise
