UNITED STATES ARMY
LEHIGH UNIVERSITY
BETHLEHEM, PA

Oct. 19, 1943

Miss Thompson:

It's just about two weeks ago now since I was in to school, so perhaps this letter is a bit premature, but I have to make up for my past short-comings.

I just received a letter from Roy D. yesterday. At the time of writing he was still in Camp Wolters, but he was being moved to Sheppard Field during the course of this week. But you probably know all about that with Ellie Corwin right there to give you first-hand information.

Our term started on Oct. 11. My schedule this term includes 10 hours of Math, 11 hours of Physics, 3 hours of drawing, 5 hours of Military Drill, etc, 6 hours of Phys. Ed. And 31 hours of supervised study a week  -  which give us a grand total of 1 hour & 15 minutes free time per day from 6AM till 10:30PM. But its still a wonderful setup! I love the life! It isn't often that one gets an offer of a $2000 a year education free plus $54 a month. We get weekends off from 3PM Sat till 9PM on Sunday.

I was home last weekend and on the way back, I was leaning comfortably up against a post in Penn Station Nwk. When another soldier came up the stairs. Well, it was a good thing that the post was there. There came Bill Menweg! You probably know that he's a Lafayette, but I didn't! So the 6:35 Lehigh Valley train saw one of the best bull sessions ever held in it. Did it seem good to talk to him. Together we pieced the old Newark E.R.C. to a semblence of what it used to be. 

It's really amazing how we've all separated. If we ever get a chance to all meet again, what a party that would be. I'm afraid we'd put the "Tall Stories Club" out of existence for envy. I could just hear Bob Pierson starting off "It seems that"  -- and then Al Cordasco chiming in "You kill me"  -  in his own unimmitable way. And to have George Metzler around again  -  I don't think the crowd would ever be complete without George. I'm going to start a chain letter to the gang if possible. I think that would be fun. It would be a priceless document to have those I.A.'s giving their thoughts on Army efficiency, etc.

I promised you a picture for your book. I haven't it here, but one of these weekends I'll mail it to you, ok? I had planned to come to school for a second day, but through a miscalculation of mine in time, I just absolutely couldn't make it. That day spent in Newark was the high spot of my furlough, though.  -  Just like home  -  that's all I can say about 185 Broadway  -  and that's the Army expression for the place they're heading when our olive Drabs are changed to Blues, Browns, greys, greens, and food old college colors.

Give my best regards to the faculty and all the gang. I'll try to make the rounds in writing, but if I don't  -  my schedule will explain why.

As ever  -  

Lou Dykstra `44
