UNITED STATES ARMY

June 1, 1943
Fort Dix, N.J.

My dear Miss Thompson:

My past is catching up with my, so I'll have to write to you and try to make up for past shortcomings, and present weaknesses. 

I had the privilege of reading your letter to Harold, and I noticed the disparaging remarks made about my career as an amateur photographer in connection with those picture wallets given to us so generously by the Library Council.

Now Miss Thompson, you know I never dodged a bit of work at school (or did I? Ask Chief). Well, anyway I'm sorry we couldn't have filled those wallets. They're really a swell gift. I'm getting quite a collection in mine already. (I always appreciate more though  -  especially of the feminine variety).

Army life is quite the craze around here. Almost everyone I know around here is in it. Strange, isn't it. Say  -  this isn't a half bad life! I loaf more now than I did at school, and that was quite a bit. There's one thing about it, though, after we finished our IQ and Mech. Aptitude tests, we could just as well have put our brain in cold storage. All we need is ears. If we're told to do something we do it  -  If the bellowing of the Sarge subsides, evidently we followed his orders. If he bellows louder, we try again until he cools off. I guess you were told all about our famous Sarge already by one of our boys who isn't quite as tardy as I am. He's quite a character, though anyone who can get in Life Magazine as the third toughest Sergeant in the U.S., must be rather unique. Atterbury, Daniels, Tatton & I have been working on detail with him. He really has a heart of gold. He's just been case-hardened from being in the Army for 25 years. Underneath that he's all right.

Incidentally, Miss Lee, your fortune telling cards were pretty accurate. I'm making money now  -  My life is changed (Pretty good guessing!)

Is the library a little quieter since our gang got out of there? No, I won't come barging into the conference room anymore for this or that or this short cut on an assignment and all that. I hope I turned in all my library books before I left because those librarians are a pretty tough crew when it comes to fines!

This is our 17[th] day here! Soon we'll be feeling like permanent party. I guess they took one look at our gang that's left here and said  -  fine infantry material. Either that, our education at Newark was so complete that they can't decide where they want to use our valuable (?) services the most  -  (humbug!) I wish we'd get out of here. Staying here gives one that unwanted feeling  -  Will you take us back at Newark if the Army doesn't want us?

Miss Thompson, will you give Dr. Shea my address so that I may get my copy of the Memorabilia, please. Thanks a lot!

I'll close now. I mustn't start another page. I'll never get so much mail its pretty hard to keep up with it.

Till later
With apologies for lack of ambition & intelligence,
I'm still a Newark student at heart

Louis Dykstra

Notice English Dep't  -  All errors contained herein are purely uncoincidental. It does my mind good to relax for a change  -  Lou

The poor writing may be blamed on our beloved instructors who think we know shorthand.
