
[Lemerman]
[1063 BFTS]
[GAAF]
[Greenwood, Miss.]
[Underlined]
                                       
                             [United States Army]
                                       
                               									1/19/43

Dear Mrs. Plently,

			[Excessive Indentation]			Thanks very much for your letter and your compliments on my record- keeping. But I believe that was all due to your constant drumming into us that our records should have no reason for being out of kilter. It may be a tough problem getting those records straightened out, but I have no doubt that you are quite equal to it.
	
	I think that you have the right idea of our forced traveling dampening the romance and pleasantness of the places we visit. But now, when one gets placed in a new Basin Flying Field, such as this is about 7 miles away from a town which is so small, that there is practically nothing to do there on my day off, I really appreciate having been in New Orleans so long.
	
	I graduated from Air Mechanics School Jan. 2. And our who class was shipped here to work on the line [end of page]. This is a basic flying field for Air Cadets and it is expected to be one of the target training fields in the country by the end of the construction period. Even now I believe it would hold 3 airports the size of Newark's Airport.
	
	So far, I haven't been assigned to the line because of the shortage of airplanes. Instead, I am drilling and getting lectures on basic training, which keeps me fairly well occupied. The post has a large recreation hall which we use for a basketball court. Right now the various squadrons are starting a basketball tournament, so I will be able to get further exercise.
	
	Glad to hear that George is graduating from O.C.S. and getting married. My congratulations and best wishes to him and his wife. How is Bill doing? I expect to be married as soon as I get my furlough, which will most likely be in April- I hope!
	
	We just caught a cold wave in this "Sunny South" and believe me, it is really cold. Hope you people aren't suffering too much from the cold and fuel shortage. We hear that there is practically no more automobile driving at all, outside of absolute necessity. I can just picture Broad & Market Sts. Crowded,- with pedestrians.

	But I guess we must all give up something- in order that we can eat- and we do! The food is fairly good, but we still like to go into town on a Sat. night to get a steak dinner, which we appreciate mightily.

	My regards to you all.


						Sincerely,

						Mike. 


                                       

