Chabua, India
July 11, 1945

Dear Miss Thompson:

Yes, I suppose it certainly is about time I wrote you of my doings & whereabouts. My story is a long one so prepare yourself for a siege.

As you know since July 1942, I was a flight instructor training aviation cadets to fly. In June 1944 most of the contracted schools were closed as some 3000 flight instructors were called into active duty. We were promised a commission & service pilots rating. But as you know, the Army does funny things at times. To make a long story short I was absorbed into the Ground Forces & assigned to the Army Airways Communications System.

With a minimum of training & without much adieu I found myself aboard a troopship bound for the "Romantic & Mystical" land of India. Our trip across was uneventful except for a little incident with a Jap sub. Luckily we came through unscathed. Three weeks out at sea, while on deck one day I met John Schmidt Ibiliene(sp?) he was class of "43." Naturally we had a lot of things to talk about. I'm sorry to say I don't know where he is now, when we reached port we separated.

We stopped at Hobart(sp?) Tasmania for three days. That Island is one of the most beautiful places I've ever seen. The inhabitants are a very respectable people very much like ourselves, only about 25 years behind the times. They hardly realize that a war is going on.

Well, finally after a long & trying journey, we finally reached Bombay. From there I received my assignment to Chabua, here we are at an A.T.C. base. Chabua is a very small town about 500 miles from Calcutta. The nearest town of any size is Dibrugark(sp?), approximately 18 miles away. We arrived here just in time to rout the rest of the Japs at the Indo Burma border & for this we're awarded the Bronze Star.

India is a strange land. Some of the sight I've seen, I know I'll never forget. I can't help but pity these poverty stricken diseased & illiterate people. Scenes in Bombay & Calcutta are actually tragic to witness. But people manage to get along. Those that don't survive, die, & death is very common. At present we are in the midst of the monsoon season. Temperatures as high as 140 degrees & daily rain. Mud is literally knee deep. This part of India is about the worst as for climate & living conditions. Now more than ever I appreciate the wonderful country we were fortunate enough to be born in. Using the G.I. vernacular, "India is strictly for the boids." I can't wait until I return to the good old U.S.A.

I've had several occasions to go off on hunting trips in the Burma Jungles. Burma abounds with big game, and I don't mean rabbits. We hunt with 45 cal. Thompson sub machine guns. I participated in the killing of a 7 foot Bengal Tiger, a 300 lb wild boar & a 10 foot python. Deer are plentiful & the trees are jam packed full of monkeys.

For the most part our life here is very monotonous, daily routine, nightly shows, & nothing else. The rare glimpse of a white woman in these parts is like a mirage. The food is edible but that's all. I'd give $100 for a cold glass of real fresh cows milk.

I have seen some beautiful examples of Indian handwork. Hand served teakwood furniture & trinkets are common. Carved ivory is also very prevalent, hand made jewelry and precious gems are a boon to collectors over here. Mr. Richmond probably would find this very interesting.

The news of Mr. French & Pete Cummins deaths came to me as quite a shock. They were both wonderful people who will linger in my memory forever. I've been receiving the "Servicemen's News" only infrequently. However when I do get a copy of it I really enjoy it immensely. News about my old college friends bring back fond memories of happier days. The little paper is worth its weight in gold to us overseas, so keep it coming.

Looks like the letter has all the earmarks of an Epistle, so perhaps I better think of drawing to some end.

I'd appreciate hearing from you & about the doings at N.S.T.C. Please give Mr. Richmond, Mr. Hess(sp?), Mr. Hatch & Mr. Sloan my best regards. I hope to be able to visit you all once again as a civilian in the not too distant future. We over here are anticipating final victory by this Christmas. I hope we aren't too optimistic.

At present I'm looking forward to a trip to Rangoon that should prove to be quite interesting. Please put me down on the regular mailing list of the "Servicemen's News" & a personal letter from you would be greatly appreciated.

Yours sincerely,

Murray Brooks
Class of "42"
