16 APRIL 1944

DEAR MISS THOMPSON:

Was mighty glad to receive your letter. I can well imagine how badly the man power at college has been depleted.

My shaving water is boiling over so I will make a break here until I finish shaving. Back again after a quick shave in my multi-purpose steel helmet. All of the comforts of home  -  almost!

Our life has settled into a groove which leads towards hard work in a rather big job. Big because it is the first of its type for us. My part is quite insignificant  -  I am still the Supply and Administrative officer of our Company along with the various titles which that all inclusive "in addition to his other duties" phrase brings. I don't get out in the field to do any real engineering but occasionally I run into some situation which give me a chance to get an inside view of the African way of life as compared to ours. A week ago I went into the casbah in censored to do some investigating. I entered a building and in my halting high school French inquired about a certain man, I was ushered up three flights of stairs  -  thru a dense layer of odors and was introduced to the family of the man I sought. Bon jours were passed back and forth and there we got down to business. With much gesturing and parley vous-ing we partially understood each other and everything was going smoothly. From the area where I had seen what resembled a living room I heard a cock crowing. I could not believe my ears so I sidled out to make certain. Sure enough there was a rooster and two hens parading around in the living room. To make matters worse, a jillion babies started crying, dogs barked and mothers yelled. Honest Miss Thompson, that place had more babies per square foot than Carter has little pills. Even the enlisted man with me remarked that he would not enter the casbah if they paid him to and lifted the restriction rules. Such sights increase the value and desireability of the American way.

I don't imagine that I will see Behrendt in the immediate future. He was chomping at the bit when I left him, so his gang won't hang around too long once they become seaworthy again. 

Have been to Italy a few times. Last trip I saw Vesuvias in action but was rather disappointed. The big blow had passed and she was only belching steam.

Have any new books come out on Industrial Arts projects, methods, etc? If so, please send list of publications and cost.

Regards to all

Pat
