May 2, 1943

Dear Miss Thompson:

The arrival of the April issue of "The Service Men's News" last Friday has more or less forced my writing of this epistle.

While I was home on leave I promised to write you when I had obtained a somewhat permanent address. To date I have been unable to keep that promise due to such items as orders directing me to make a change in station.

After my brief stay at home, I returned to Fort Belvoir, Va. and reported for duty at the Officer's Pool at that camp. I was attached to a battalion engaged in training Negro Engineer recruits. My share in the show was in the capacity of Assistant Platoon Commander which meant that I was father, mother, and brother to teen age boys who had been plucked from civilian life to be trained as soldiers. Several had their own opinions on the matter, thereby adding to our myriad of miseries and woes. At first I did not cherish the idea of working with the colored boys but as time wore on I found myself becoming accustomed to their ways. In fact I found them to be quite willing and industrious in their attempts to become good soldiers. I rather envy them their ability to take the good with the bad and come up smiling, or (as usually can be heard) singing.

Along about March 10, my company commander informed me that I was to move to my present station. Said station was introduced to me under the portentious title of Shenango Personnel Replacement Depot, Greenville, Pa.

A back breaking, nerve wrecking train ride made our introduction an actuality. To my dismay, I saw spread out hither and you in a disorganized but orderly fashion, the camp with the long title. I thought that I had encountered real mud at Fort Belvoir but that paste can not be compared with the man eating variety of mud which exists in this government subsidized mudhole. Standard operating procedure here is rain on Monday, hail or snow on Tuesday, sunshine on Wednesday and then commencing Thursday a repeat of the first three phases.

The title of their camp qualifies its purpose for existence. Personnel from all branches are sent here to be sent out to replace those who have left for greener pastures. 

I have withheld writing to you because I have been daily expecting to be shipped out. Consequently I did not wish to give you one address and then have to write in informing you of a change.

It looks as tho our long awaited orders will come thru this week. Until you hear from me, I suggest that you hold up any communiques which you might be sending out.

Please express my thanks to Dr. Vaughn-Eames for the paper.

Say hello to Mr. Mrs. D'An, Miss Ewald, et al for me.

Sincerely,

Pat

Did the picture turn out? If so, how about a copy. I shall use it to scare Japs.
