Sauls
                          Seal of the Army Air force
                                 Lowery Field
                               Denver Colorado
                                                                   Oct. 11, 43
Dear Miss Thompson:
	I know I must offer an apology for not having written sooner, but I wanted to be sure you would be back in school.  I have been very busy all the time and it seems that I always have a million letters to write, but somehow can't find time during the day when I have such a full schedule.  I have been here at Lowry for nine weeks now going to photography school.  As you see, I'm one of the lucky fellows who got just what I wanted  -  Air Corps Photography.  Just now I'm starting on an entirely new kind of photographic work which deals with photographic map making for bomber missions.  I don't know too much about it as yet, but I will be among the first to graduate from such a course in this country.  I still like it very much here and enjoy living in the brick and tile barracks.  A far cry from these is the little pup tent in which I lived for the past two weeks.  I've been on maneuvers out at a little camp about twenty miles from here and was it cold sleeping on the ground.  The ants were terrific and the rats slept in the tents with us  -  some fun.  Anyway, I did enjoy it  -  especially because it was good old rugged outdoor life.
	As you probably know, Johnnie Giannuzzi is here in the same building and taking Photography.  It's really nice having my all old pal here too.  
	
   Yesterday afternoon, in town, I met Ralph Manna who was in my freshman class  -  remember him?  Of all the surprises!  He's a sergeant here in this same building, but is connected with Headquarters and doing clerical work.  He lives off past with his wife in town.  I hadn't seen him for two years till yesterday.
   
   When you see Mr. Richmond be sure to tell him I was asking about him and that I know I should write him above all because he was so good to me at school  -  more like a father than a teacher.   
   
   I would like to keeps writing on and on, but time just doesn't permit.  It seems that every single minute almost is set aside for something.
   
   I know Bill Peterson's address, but don't know any of the others  -  I certainly wish I could get some of the addresses of my old pals.  I wonder if you have some of them.  I would appreciate them so much.
	Is the Relector still being published  -  I would really like to get a copy sometime and would appreciate it if someone would send me a copy.  I always like to hear from the old school and the students.
	Remember me to all my old friends.  Hope the picture is good enough to add to your collection which I know you faithfully keep for the boys.  (As ever  -  Paul

{Transcribed by Anthony McFarlane 11/12/13} 
