[Polowniak]

[Eagle and Shield Logo]
UNITED STATES NAVY

                                                                       8/29/43
                                                                              
My dear Miss Thompson  - 

It was only a few days before I received your letter that I wrote & asked a few questions which you so generously answered in the letter. I was happy to know how much responsibility you have taken upon yourself in answering our queries. I really appreciate the time & thoughtful effort on your part in writing to me & telling so well the little things which help make us feel better. If there was a way I could show my appreciation from away out here I certainly would.

When you mention that these letters are being held for posterity  -  it worries me cause I find it very difficult to write a letter ^only under favorable conditions. Then again our problems of material  -  such as paper ink pens etc. are quite a thing.
\Oh yes  -  I get the folks & my wife to send them to me  -  but they don't always seem to get here  -  or get here in the original forms. And being out here for six months  -  six months too long  -  raised havoc with my initial supply.

When you climb up again to move around a few more pins  -  push mine up to the most popular place  -  here I am  -  gosh what I wouldn't give to be in the Hawaiian Islands  -  Walter Wilson or no Walter Wilson  -  just a [illegible] bit of civilization for just once  -  would make my head swim.

I realize it is a delicate question to ask "are you in the service, & why not?" I just thought that perhaps you know of some of my classmates who are in the service  -  I'd would like very much to correspond with them. If ever you do get any information about someone from '33 or ever '34  -  I'd certainly would like to know.

Life out here in the Pacific is getting dull. After the novelty wears off  -  it develops into a routine  -  with every so often some little incident to break the monotony  -  sometimes a little too often  -  I used to get excited when I first come this way  -  my blood would rush to my head  -  my heart would speak out loud  -  and I'd go excited all over  -  but somehow all that wore off  -  or else I got used to it  -  now we just take it easy and get more fun out of it and always ready to give a newcomer some advice. My work here is base communications  -  but we all have collated[?] duties as condition warrants. I started out on a ship  -  but now I'm on an island. I always thought the south sea islands were beautiful  -  but frankly they stink  -  I've been on a few up here - & they're no different  -  the natives are a sad looking lot. Boy are my dreams shattered. I understand though that up that way is an island where the natives are almost white with beautiful physiques  -  a pilot friend of mine & I are planning a scouting expedition  -  purely in the interest of nation geographic  -  I think  -  

Oh yes we do have a little time to ourselves  -  since we have the japs somewhat on the run  -  we bother them more than they bother us.

I suppose  -  some one with pensmanship could write as much as I have in less time and on fewer sheets  -  but he certainly couldn't have had the fun I'm having. 

Not seeing or reading very much literature  -  I find it difficult to spell words  -  once I knew  -  I'm studying pidgin English the native tongue  -  so there see  -  one way of getting out of it. I really enjoyed your letter & got a big kick out of writing this one. Thank you for all the news.

Sincerely,

Peter Polowniak
