                                                                      11/12/43
                                                                              
Dear Nancy Thompson  - 

Received your letter yesterday  -  find myself with time on my hands  -  thought I'd answer it  -  Do you mind? Don't care if you do  -  It's 4:30 in the morning  -  I've been up all night  -  just a stay out  -  seriously  -  though I'm on duty  -  We work around the clock  -  sometimes day, sometimes night, & sometime day & night. It's a beautiful night out  -  at least I would think so if I were back home where nights like this could be appreciated  -  Out here it has a different meaning  -  tonight I guess you'd call it a [illegible] night  -  The japs never failed to pay us a visit on nights like this  -  if they come we won't be surprised  -  if they don't it will mean  -  no more air raids. With the advances we've made in the last couple of months  -  our place here is a bit behind the lines. I'm the officer in charge here at this hour  -  things are pretty quite  -  like the calm before the storm  -  every so often it is broken by some stuff coming in  -  I guess it's hot stuff  -  at least it seemed so at first  -  now it seems routine  -  the excitement & the novelty of handling it  -  has long since left me. It's just(sp?) that way, because then it's handled more efficiently. As I look around over men here  -  I see quite a picture  -  I've been here 8 months  -  a few have been here longer. They're stripped to the waist - ^wearing dirty old smelly dungeries  -  The place reeks with a peculiar smell  -  human perspiration mingles with that heavy sweet damp smell of the jungle. Interruption  -  one of the men picked up a message from the red cross chapter back home  -  notifying him of the death of his mother. I guess I shouldn't have had him on that circuit  -  but how were we to know?

We work under ground  -  constant light  -  not indirect  -  just anything we can get. When we leave  -  go out into the open  -  that sun is blinding  -  damn that tropical sun. When it rains out doors  -  darn it we get here also  -  as a matter of fact it stops outdoors  -  while it works it's way  -  slowly like  -  a drip here and a couple of drips or drops there for as long as a week. But we shouldn't complain  -  we always have coffee  -  something you folks probably don't have  -  although sometimes I'd swear it's not coffee  -  always black and sometimes muddy  -  It used to keep me awake back home but now it isn't coffee that does it. Another interruption. Maybe this letter doesn't make for good reading  -  but I'll just go along anyway. The newcomers are hoping there would be a raid just so they can experience one. I used to have the same feeling  -  a while back  -  but funny how it wears out. These newcomers  -  look healthy like  -  rosy cheeks & pink like complexion  -  whereas we look  -  kindof yellow  -  from the sun & the darn adabrine  -  I quit taking it a long time ago  -  I wondered which was worse  -  malaria or the prevention. So now I say, malaria  -  let her come. There are a few bets going on  -  on the possibility of an air raid. I say there won't be any. Oh oh excuse me  -  oh well it's all over now  -  all better. Just a little unscheduled excitement. I'm glad the grass skirt arrived safely. It isn't an every day dress for the natives  -  only during ceremonial dances  -  Otherwise they wear  -  what you'd call just a wrap around  -  the middle  -  any old piece of cloth  -  regardless of the color  -  mostly mattress covers. The native women are no as pictured in the monies  -  far from it. They are a scrawny looking lot. They cut their hair short  -  smoke corn cob pipes, and do most of the work, around the village. The men work usually for the armed forces  -  labor parties. Usually in building native huts  -  very clever at that. [Illegible] teach some of us industrial arts majors a few new wrinkles. Maybe at one time I did dream of coming out to the tropics  -  but believe me  -  they can't lure me ^here, again with a million dollars  -  so help me honest.

I heard from Walt Kveder, Leon's brother, he is an Ensign in the navy  -  stationed at New London, Conn. Tells me he tied the know with a beautiful lassie from somewhere around there. Also got word that Harry Wilson & Don [illegible] might be headed up this way. Would really care for some kind of celebration if ever we did meet  -  before we get to Tokyo. I honestly believe that if I survive long enough  -  I will be one among the first to step foot in Tokyo. From all indications the day may not be too far off. Tell that lonely [illegible] that they have long since earned my respect. Of course this is an amphibious war  -  the army comes in only when the island is secure. We may have a good army  -  but they're not here. Tell that Coast [illegible], to sit at ease  -  there won't be any need for them in this war. I better get some work cleaned up. Enough for now.  -  

Do write again  -  I certainly enjoy hearing from you all. I expected you'd be in for some ribbing upon receipt of skirt. I'd have fun too if I were there. By the way 8 mos. ago I spent 2 mos. at [illegible] Santo  -  since then I've been here  -  night here. 

Sincerely,

Peter Polowniak
