[Lt. Peter Polowniak  -  1933]
(New Calendonia)
                                                                        3/6/44
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson 

Have finally gotten back to a kind of civilization. After spending eleven months on Guadalcanal I came to New Caledonia  -  where I am attached to the staff. This I hope is of short duration. If all goes well I may shortly leave this place for a little south sea island, namely, [illegible name] where I will complete my eighteen months tour of duty and then homeward bound for a leave after which anywhere at all. I guess they feel I need a rest. so a little island where it's nice and quite sounds just fine. I've had a choice of Oukland[sp?] or Fongatabu[sp?]  -  The latter offers wonderful opportunities and responsibilities  -  thus my choice. I can stay here with the staff  -  but have been trying all possibilities possible ways and means to get away from here  - 

There are many disadvantages here but a very lazy way of fighting the war. Staff duty is a lot of red tape. But where I come from  -  if one needed something  -  he got it  -  regardless of the means involved in procurement.

The climate here is wonderful  -  clean, clear, and comfortable. Although the village reminds me of a dirty Mexican village. Jovanese, French, Melenesians(sp?) & natives of this and that. Very few indications of war  -  just dull routine organization and administration. I couldn't take too much of this.

Already I've gained a good deal of the weight I lost at the canal. When I got into the service I had to lose a few pounds  -  so I did  -  then when I got to the canal I lost some more  -  couldn't understand why they asked me to lose some in the first place. I lost about 30 lbs. at the canal. but I said to myself, the other day, the hell with it  -  it ain't worth going back Doc  -  I'll probably find something better up here.

From all indications in 5 more mos. I should be on my way home  -  what a day that will be.

I still have yet to run into some one from Newark  -  I guess if I hang around the Pacific Hotel I may have some luck. I did meet a fellow with whom I went to high school  -  it certainly was a feeling I'd like to experience again.

I have received quite a few letters, postcards, and a box of stationery from out your way  -  I did do appreciate it  -  and even though I've been slow in expressing it  -  it is due to my inability to write without getting cramps in my fingers. I spend most of my time writing letters. And enjoy doing it as much as receiving them. I am living out of a sea bag  -  and all my letters are put away in a sea locker  -  in hopes I may leave soon. When I get settled I promise to answer very carefully every letter. If there are any of our men out this way  -  I would like to know.

I understand that Lloyd Kingsley is now a seebee. I feel sure that if it ever happened  -  for Kveder, Kingsley and myself to meet on any one front at the same time  -  this was war on that particular front would be shortened considerably. That is a challenge for either one of them to come up here.

I've been beach combing and living the life of a college kid on a summer vacation  -  since I've come here. Already getting tired of it. Couldn't think of anything else to write about  -  so I'll just lie down and rest a while. I'd like to hear some more of N.S.T.C.
Until I do  - 

as ever,

Peter Polowniak
