									China, 14[th] Air Force
									7 April, 1945

Dear Miss Thompson,

	Your very interesting V-mail reached me a few days ago and it was swell hearing from you again. I realize that your correspondence with the servicemen must be tremendous and greatly appreciate your letters.

	Thanks heaps for Al Cordasco's address. I have written him and hope to hear from him soon. It was good to know that he is still in the States. Hope he enjoys the West as much as I did while I was stationed there. Spent most of my time in Colorado in the foot hills of the beautiful Rockies.

	Although I don't quite remember Ralph Sozio, I will write him. Regret very much [end of page] to learn of his serious condition and wish him a speedy recovery.

	Since you last heard from me, I have received the  "Servicemen's News" and the "Reflector". It surely is fun keeping up the whereabouts of the old gang and can say that I recall many of them. It was good news to know about Lou Dylestra and Roy Daniels. They are outstanding to me as they were my classmates. Lou has demonstrated great leader-ship [word hyphenated to begin a new paragraph] and courage in his recent assignment.

	In re: to Ed Gildner, I regret to inform you that I have not met him anywhere over here. However, I will try to locate him from my office in the near future. Will learn about his views toward the paper and will relate the same to you.

	I suppose that this letter will not mean much to you if I don't mention something about myself. There hasn't been much of a change since my last letter to you. Things become [end of page] quite routine and monotonous at times. Our recreation is limited as the movies is our only source. Several of the men play baseball and other sports which helps a great deal.

	Haven't been doing much traveling as transportation is not very convenient. It seems that air is the only way to get places over here. However, about a month ago I had the opportunity to visit some nearby temples. There were very interesting as one could observe the various modes of worship. In one temple there were several number of figures each representative of some way of life.

	Our nearby town does not have much to offer except for the Red Cross Town Club. We are still use to life in the States and expect to find the same here. The only other purpose of going to town is for food, and one soon gets over that novelty!!

	Early in the past month, several of us fellows planned a Chinese dinner in town. [end of page]
	
	About 15 courses were served, but I could only manage to sample a few. It was quite a task using chop sticks for the first time. The entire meal cost each person $15.00 Chinese dollars. One needs quite a roll of money when going to town!!
	
	The usual cabs and buses which we used to know as means of transportation are surplanted  by rickshaws here. The crowded streets with Oriental music going full blasts is a scene to be noted. The odor of native food is easily detected while passing through certain places.

	Many of the people of this particular region depend upon the land for a living. The ox drawn cart is a daily sight as they return from the fields. Men and women of all ages till every possible space of earth. The women strap their infants to their backs and continue their work in the field. Some that can afford baskets [end of page] to carry the children on their backs to the fields. This section of China is in great want for the many essentials of life.

	In case you have forgotten my old mug, I am enclosing a picture which was taken last September. I know that you will compare it with the one in the college files.

	I guess that I could go on rambling forever and not say much. Hope that this letter is not too boring and that I have given you some news of myself.
	
	Please write at your convenience as it is always good hearing from you. Sincerest regards to all the faculty and student friends. Remember me to Dr. Shea.


							As always,

							Ralph


P.S.

Was made Sergeant on April 1.






[Christina Leedy]
