[The following is crossed out with an X]
INTER-OFFICE MEMORANDUM
ARMY AIR FORCES
MATERIAL CENTER
Office of The Commanding General

                                                    Aircraft Comp. Reg. Branch
                                                         Prod. Control Section
                                                            Wright Field, Ohio
                                                         Date October 21, 1942
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson,

I am not too sure that I can give you the information you asked for in your letter. The procedure in obtaining a commission varies with branches of service. It is also quite different when you are already in the army as an enlisted man.

I know that Clark Gable came directly to Miami Beach O.C.S. from civilian life. I would advise those interested to write directly to the Officer Candidate School and possibly to city Recruiting Offices.

A young chap from Hackettstown was accepted, but, had to spend 3 months in the army acquiring his basic training. I think that he went somewhere in Newark to get his appointment.

An enlisted man applies directly through his commanding officer. He is interviewed by an Officer Candidate Board and is given a rating which determine if and when he will be called.

Regardless of how a person gets there, I recommend it. Graduates of Officer Training Schools are regarded very highly among higher ranking officers.

I accidently almost ran into Biz while I was at Miami Beach. A roomate of mine had spent a few summers at Camp Francis and told me about seeing George in Church. I attended services at the same time and missed him. He must have moved out shortly after that as I never could catch up with him.

I imagine hearing Dan tell about his experiences would be a real treat. He's just the type to enjoy a good fight. I too am looking forward to a class reunion.

I hope that my letter catches up with Art. In the meantime if he writes, will you please forward his address? I hate to lose a correspondence, that start when I first started in the Army.

I am still working with Prod. Control Records. The past few days we have instructed a group of civilians in their compilation. I may possibly visit Aircraft Companies with these civilians compiling data on production and distribution. In the event I am transferred I will write you.

I enjoyed your letter and hope that we aren't taking too much of your time.

Sincerely

Raymond Kowalick
