                                                                   C.F.E. Unit
                                                    Production Control Section
                                                     Wright Field, [Illegible]
                                                              January 18, 1943
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson,

I imagine it's about three months since I last wrote. Three months jammed with activity, so much that I found it rather difficult to find time to write.

I spent some eleven weeks visiting airplane plants in the East. My tour carried me thru a dozen plants in six states. I spent a few days at Wright's in Paterson and wanted very much to pay you a visit. We were behind schedule on our survey and worked quite late each night. Perhaps on a later trip I may find more time.

We conducted a survey on carious critical airplane components throughout the country. We determined the requirements and availability of these items. We at Wright Field will attempt to increase production of these components, and supervise their proper distribution. In short it is our job to get the most planes built out of the available raw materials. This involves a tremendous job of scheduling and distribution.

On returning to Wright Field last week, I found myself advanced to assistant supervisor of the eastern survey group. My supervising will be done mostly from Wright Field, with perhaps occasional field trips.

Sometimes I feel like I'm not doing my share in this fight even if I am working hard. In my work it's hard to see results, though our supervisors estimate we can increase plane production almost a third by proper distribution of materials and parts.

I received the picture folder of Newark State and enjoyed it a lot. I am just beginning to realize how long it has been since I left there. It sure brings back memories of those grand days from '32-`36/

Thanks loads for the Christmas card. Regards to all.

Sincerely

Ray Kowalick
