                                                Aircraft Component Reg. Branch
                                                    Production Control Section
                                                              Wright Field, A.
                                                                 Oct. 12, 1942
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson,

I know you are interested in your wandering Industrial Arts Boys, so I'll jot a few lines to enlighten you on my new activities.

I am assigned here for sixty days pending reassignment. The production control section, of which I am an inactive member, is charged with procuring data and setting up records on the production of airplane parts. Later on schedules will be set up for the distribution of these parts to airplane factories. It seems right now as those some concerns have an oversupply while others have shortage of the same items because there is no central distribution point. We hope to eliminate this within the next few months. After I learn the ropes about this department I may be sent out in the field as a representative to factories or to a procurement district. Besides being responsible for the purchase of airplanes and necessary parts Wright Field is the laboratory of the Air Forces. There are hundreds of planes here, both foreign and American, undergoing rigid tests. The general opinion is that we have the best right now with better coming.

The personnel here is largely civilian, so that the lack of a military atmosphere carries me back to my pre-army days. I am living in Dayton about 5 miles distant. Dayton like most manufacturing cities is jammed to a capacity and housing is quite a problem as is transportation.

I haven't heard from Art Roll for some time and am wondering if he had my good fortune, obtaining a commission.

I am enjoying all this varied experience and travel and am sure it will aid me in my long life. 

Give my regards to the rest of the Gang.

Sincerely,

Ray Kowalick
