                                                       Somewhere in New Jersey
                                                                      6 Mar 45
                                                                              
My Dear Miss Thompson:

Hello and how are you? My best to everyone.

Just received another "Service Men's News. I don't want to appear too demanding or an eager beaver when it comes to asking for special consessions because I'm in uniform but....since the Alma Mater is predominantly populated with young women and the number entering the service although few still amounts to a number couldn't the SM News unbend itself and include WOMEN, in its title? Might be a long war.

I must thank the entire staff and again blow an orchid in Dr. Vaughn-Eames' direction for the publication. I find the news more than enlightening. For example, the item about Sgt. Bessie Blum! If I hadn't received the paper I would never know that she had attended NJSTC! So you see the new WAC Separation Company being activated at Dix is claiming two former NJSTC-ites! At least I can say the two of us will be so nice for the boys to come home to because somehow or other we might figure in their discharges!

The news compiled about men and women in service is both sad and interesting. Paragraphs on exploits and deeds of "our boys" gave me more than added pleasure. But Pfc. Ed Church should tread lightly on Texas soil...as for me I would like nothing better than to be a member of AET. Those weeks I spent at Army Administration School at Texas College for Women, Denton, Texas, will number among the best spent time in my entire life. People live down there and now I can see how Texans are oblivious of the forty-seven other states.

Miss Thompson, did I write to you about running into Dr. Carl Atkinson while attending a lecture on the campus. Strangely enough I was crawling into a seat and stepped over hi,. We had quite a conversation. He was doing radio work with the co-eds at Texas State. Did I ever ask you if you knew the president of Texas State, Carl Hubbard? He is a wonderful person. It was on account of him I guess that I have such fond memories of Texas. He turned the campus over to the WACs and the coeds went out of their way to make thinks pleasant for us.

As for Roy Daniels marching in kilts....do you realize or in typical Army language, "on him it would look good". Once in Canada we marched to the strains of Sousa's marches behind us and a bagpipe band as we dubbed it blowing the Highland Fling into its barracks bags. I must confess I did while "AT REST" during a break evacuate a few of Mrs. Dan's steps and soon 3 platoons were "flinging". It is one thing to learn the steps in class but quite another to actually do them to the music of such colorfully dressed musicians who were the real McCoy!

I would like a copy of Pfc. Ralph Sozio's "Flying Gunners on Parade". Nearest I came to flying was spinning in an L-5 Stinson experiencing the thrills that come with loop the looping. Barrel rolling, climbing, (with the problem of keeping my head is alignment with my spine) hedgehopping, mainly to see how fast 90 and 110 miles per hr are. Wish I could describe parts of Illinois to you at 5300 ft. Beautiful! An individual on horse-back is nothing unusual but you should see the combination from a plane. As for my gunnery experience shhh...off the record....while covering the WACs itinerary with the photographer at Ellis I found myself near the bazooka, machine gun, etc. I fired the bazooka and was disappointed that it didn't throw me. The machine gun left me with that childish desire to just keep on shooting. We are not supposed to fire any weapons but now I can add that to my ability to shoot a bow and arrow.

Could you please send Pfc. Arthur Soraci's address. I was so sorry to hear of his hospitalization. Last I heard from him he was also in Texas. It seems that I rubbed elbows with NJSTC students all the way through, Georgia, Texas, Illinois...Chicago and Great Lakes seem to have housed several. Went speed boating on Lake Michigan and ran into Mel Whiting again after having met him at the famous servicemen's center in Chicago.

It has been really grand to read about everyone and now I am wondering about those whom I never see mentioned and have been not hearing from in my own mail call. Do want to hear of them and from them. How about injecting a note in the next issue for the service "gang" to renew its correspondence with the latest and proper addresses to facilitate mail delivery, with one another. Am sure I am not the only one trying to decide whether to write to Camp Blank or GI School this or that, whenever I pick up some mail to reply.

Mr. Page is lucky to call Indiana home. Spent three days in Indianapolis and would like to repeat it.

So Miss Kain has retired. She certainly did a wonderful piece of work.

My former Commanding Officer at Dix, I understand was not permitted to recruit WACs back at school when she was with public relations. After an interview with her she asked me what school I had attended when I told her she informed me of the above. Can you imagine how it struck me. I thought it extremely funny and kidded with the WACs about her holding that against me, of course she didn't/

Well, this is more than I have ever written. Do not work too much, Miss Thompson and rest assured that your efforts along the lines of keeping tabs on us are more than welcomed and appreciated. This letter and many mental ones thought of and never mailed are resultant.

My regards to all..a special hello to Miss Rogers and Mr. Sloan whom I bumped into recently. Wish I could have "bent" their ears more than I did.

Sincerely,

Regina S. Gorski
