[Head w/ helmet logo]
THIRD W.A.A.C. TRAINING CENTER
FORT OGLETHORPE, GEORGIA

                                                                 March 6, 1943

Dear Miss Thompson:

Hello. How are you, Miss Lee and the rest of the library force?

As fate would have it my plans for saying good by at school were upset. I worked up until the day I left for Georgia. I dropped into the library one day but you were out to lunch.

I must thank you again for all your help. Occasionally I talk to myself for the sake of self coinoivement(sp?). I finally made it!

This barrack is an unusual sight. Some of the girls are writing. A couple are hunched up in their upper bunks like I am and it is obvious that they are trying to write legibly. The rest are scurrying around making preparations to go out for the week end to another fort. A beautiful week-end has been planned for the girls. Perhaps I'll visit Look-out Mountain, Rock City, and the Indian Relic Museum in Rossville. The former are in Tennessee which is quite near. Chatanooga means "going to town" for the girls. It's only nine miles from the fort. I must find time this week end to read the articles of war and study.

If I learn nothing in this woman's army, at least I will console myself with the fact that I attempted to develop my powers of concentration.

Who was detailed to take the pictures down from the bulletin board?

My regards to Miss Lee and the rest of the staff. Remember me to Miss Rice even if she doesn't rember me.

(Over)

Sincerely,

Regina S. Gorski


P.S. What a predicament! I left my luggage and writing portfolios [illegible] home. All my addresses are locked up and am I handicapped in writing to my friends and relatives. At least my friends at Newark State will be reached and also at [illegible].

Do I miss school and the library! We have a library here but is it far! I trudged over last night only to find it closed for inventory. My place is so lively that I gave up trying to find a quiet spot.

                                                                       R.S.G. 
