                        UNITED STATES ARMY AIR FORCES 
                                ARMY AIR BASE 
                             ALLIANCE, NEBRASKA 
                                       
                           						1943 April 3[rd] 
Dear Miss Thompson: 
	Thanks so much for your letter, and the news about the United Nations Relief Bazaar sounded very good. With a little cooperation and hard work on the part of everyone it should be a big success.  When the clubs get together for an affair they can really "go to town" --- I remember a few times like the when I was there, and I know what can be done. 
	Why I even landed out here is a mystery to me, but I love the west and although it is pretty flat right here, we do have that wonderful air and a view of some small mountains (I guess the [real] foothills of the Rockies. (what awful paper!) 
	My job here is interesting, and I hope that I can make good at it.  My ideas may be fantastic, but I'm going to follow theirs as closely possible.  This base [illegible word] early in October and since it [illegible word] so [illegible word] nothing has been done to entertain the boys other than a theatre. The population of the town is only sixty-five hundred, so naturally it is hardly large enough to take care of everyone.  I have been put in charge of entertainment. Tomorrow night we are going to have a small variety show consisting mostly of community singing.  This the boys like very much, and the theatre would be packed every night if we and fifteen minutes of it before each picture. There will be a few specialty acts but that is about all.  I have just finished writing out a script for a two hour variety semi-musical event to be put ou[t] later this month.  
	Besides the air corps, we have the gliders infantry and paratroopers to work with.  We have musicians from all the big name orchestras here including the New York Phil-harmonic!  We have a cellist who has played the world over whose name is Michael Orenstein, (he used Orens) and there concert pianist. As you can see, there is lots of material here.  Besides musicians we have actors, so naturally we hope to do some theatricals.  It's a big job but we're just starting and I think that we'll really be able to do some big things. 
 	All this comes under the special service division who also handle loans for emergencies; athletics; education; entertainment; and like things.  The education is growing very rapidly, and much faster than was expected.  This war is a god send for a good part of the army, and many [of] our men will come out of it [as] much better prepared to meet the necessities of life than they were before they came in.  Once again, "There's something good in everything," if one will only keep his eye and ear open.
	That about covers the news from the part of the country for the moment.  I'll write soon again. And let you know how things are going. 
                                  Sincerely 
                                    		Dick

P.S. I was simply thrilled when I found in the almanac that Nebraska leads in the production os wild hay!
