                            ITROOP CARRIER COMMAND
                            STOUT FIELD, INDIANA 
                                    						
                           						1945 July 12[th] 
Dear Folks: 
	Back on the job once again, but a new one now.  Since I have been away on the seventh war loan drive, I have been transferred to command headquarters here at Stout Field.  
	The bond tour entitled "airborne attack" was "  -  the most successful tour in the history of war loans," according to the U.S. treasury department.  I've had three units  -  one covering central and north east U.S.; one covering West and North West U.S.; and I was the commentator for the unit that covered the south.  We went down the east coast as far as Jacksonville [FL] and then along the gulf coast as far as Houston, Texas  -  up though central U.S. to Omaha [NE] and Topeka [KS].  All three met at Cleveland for a combined "Airborne Attack."  Each Unit used three gliders, and four planes; twenty four paratroops and twenty glider troops.  The Air show took one hour and this was always followed by a ground demonstration and display for two hours.  Our biggest crowd was at Houston with 175,000 spectators.  Our biggest bond sale for one unit at one stop was in New Orleans [LA] with a total sale of $4,800,000.00.  For the three units, the bond sales to date (with many more to come or be accounted for) amount to over sixty million dollars! To climax each show, we had a glider come in and land with the nose of the glider coming to rest directly on a dime placed on a runway.  This dime we would auction off for the bonds and in New Orleans [LA] we got two million dollars for it! 
	[Zan] might be interested in the enclosed clippings  -  By the way my new address is: 
							800[th] A.A.F. Base Unit 
							Stout Field, Indianapolis, Ind. 
	I've started this off  -  "Dear Folks"  -  since I haven't had time to write to everyone: Miss Thompson, Dr. Vaughn-Eames, Mrs. Campbell, Miss Smith etc. My Fiancé, Betty Anderson and her mother met me in Omaha and continued along to Topeka.  We plan to be married early this fall after things are a little more settled for her at command. 
	I met Earl Murphy here and he looks fine.  He tells me he plans to head for points west pretty soon but isn't sure just when. 
	One of the inclosed articles relates an experience I had with Sgt. Huff, and I shall never forget it.   The lieutenant referred to in the article still has thirteen pieces of shrapnel in his hand! I was appointed to be huffs constant companion during the seventh war bond, and he is the finest soldier I have ever met.  Very quiet and unassuming. 
We had many interesting times but were kept very busy.  Neither of us have had a day off for quite some time now.  Our schedule was full:  Mondays & Thursdays fly to a new city; Tuesdays and Fridays radio programs all day and part of the evening; Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sunday  -  "Airborne Attack."  Our radio programs ran all the way from five o'clock in the morning, until after midnight at some stops. It has been a marvelous   experience, and I think a great deal had been accomplished for the "mighty seventh."  Plans are now underway for six units for the eighth war bond drive, so I guess Washington has been well satisfied. 
	I'll have to close for now and start getting "saturated" with deployment of troops since ill be dealing with this to quite an extent.  
	Hope everyone is well and that I'll hear from you soon.   Most likely the servicemens news is on its way  -  I hope
                                   		Dick 
