                                 Lowry Field 
                               Denver Colorado 
                                       
                                                         1942 November 11[th] 
Dear Mr. and Mrs. [D'An: -] 
	I'm really ashamed for not writing sooner, but we've been so busy out here that time is now just about meaningful. 
	On the twentieth of this month I will graduate from photography school as a laboratory technician specialist. I've been here since August thirteenth at one of the finest air bases in the country, and everything out here works on a twenty-four hour basis 
	We go to school at eleven o'clock at night and finish at seven o'clock in the morning followed by an hour of calisthenics.  We do this seven days a week and have the eighth day off.  Our school is the only one of its kind in the country and is said to be the finest in the world.  We have over three and a half million dollars worth of equipment which is the best that money can buy.  This is quite necessary since our course is so comprehensive.  Originally the basic work in photography took twenty-six weeks, and now it has been "boiled" down to eight weeks. The advanced work took twelve weeks, and now takes only four weeks!  You can imagine what we have been going through form this. Right now I am in my third week of advanced laboratory work and have just one more week to go.  Things have been going [illegible word] well me, and I have been recommended for instructorship at this school, I won't know until next week whether the recommendation went through or not but I hopeing it has. I have signed up for overseas duty incase I don't get the instructorship and will probably be overseas by the first of the year. 
	Mostly all furloughs have been frozen from this point so I don't expect to see you or my family, but if by chance I do get once, you can be sure I'll head for N.S.T.C. to see both of you as fast as possible. 
	The country out here is the most beautiful that I have ever seen, and have been able to take quite a few trips on my days off.  The mountains are all covered with snow and shiring is marvelous.  As a matter of fact we went skiing on a glacier not long ago.  I have loads of photographs and will make a point to show them to you "when I get my furlough!"  We have taken pictures of [all] the trips taken so far. 
	 That about covers the news at the moment.  I wish that chief would say hello to all the boys in Ʃ.Ɵ.X. and tell them that my pin is with me, and I will continue to wear it throughout the war wherever I go. 
	I'll write soon again and let you know where I will be located.  As ever 
                                 							Dick 
