
                                                            1942 August 9[th] 
Dear Mr. Hutchinson:
	Things have really moved fast I've been in the army.  I arrived at fort Dix on a Tuesday and left the following Friday night for Miami Beach! During those three days and a half days we got injections, physicals, and tests, our tests were aptitude an I.Q.'s.  All the fellows that I came down here with are officer material, and by that I mean their I.Q.'s are above 110. 
	This is a replacement center.  Our three months basic training is very intensive.  You can get an idea of how intensive it is since it is boiled down to eighteen days!! Besides drilling, we have lectures, motion pictures in our training.  These cover chemical warfare, first aid, discipline, guard duty and the general schooling of a soldier.  I had two interviews last week and qualified for photographers school.  This will mean that when I finish with the schooling, I will be al laboratory technician, (this includes map making) and in turn will be qualified for aerial photographers school. By this time my three months will be up, and I'm going to try to go to officer school. 
	It is perfectly beautiful down here.  I'm living in a hotel just one half a block from the ocean.  There are two other fellows in my room, both of whom are from South Orange.  We also have a large blue tiled swimming pool, and we make of use of this.  Our food is very good and plentiful.  By the way, the photographers school is in Denver, Colorado, so when I leave here it will mean traveling about twenty seven hundred miles, (four days on a troop train!)
	Three times a week we have exercises on the beach, followed by a swim for an hour in the ocean. There are four swimming instructors to help teach those men that don't swim. 
	I have to go to dinner now, so will have to close this short letter.  I don't get too much time to write while here, so this will have to do for the time being.  As soon as I get shipped out I'll have more time. 
	Say hello to everyone for me, and take care of that big boy of yours.
							as ever  Dick Parkes 
