United States Army 
        U.S. Air Corps                                                                                                                   1942 August 22[nd] 
                                                                                                                               Saturday
Dear Miss Thompson: 
	Things have really happened since I've been in "this mans army." 
	I spent three and a half days at Fort Dix taking all kinds of tests for classifications, and was shipped off to Miami Beach, and the Air Corps. The normal basic training period is three months but not in Miami --  
   -- They have it boiled down to eighteen days! I was there for two weeks, the first few days of which were spent being re-classified.  We worked hard and crammed our basic training in to seven days!!  It was very beautiful in Florida, and I wasn't too anxious to leave it.  We lived in expensive hotels, and had private swimming pools, (blue tile) and the ocean. I loved every minute of my stay and got a great deal out of it.  The sky, stars, moon, flowers, trees, and general set up of Mother Nature was really [tops?] since I have never been this far south before. 
   We arrived in Colorado last week, and this base is much different. Everything is put aside so that we can concentrate on our studies. I'll be going to photographers school for twelve weeks which will bring me into the middle of November before I leave. 
   We have lots of dances here, and our recreation halls are well equipted; our library is very well fixed with about twelve or fourteen thousand books, covering all fields. Our main mess hall serves six thousand men per meal, and there is less noise and confusion then there is in       N. S.T.C. cafeteria! (don't tell Mrs. Smith)  
	That is about all for the moment, but I'll have lots more to write as soon as school starts next week. I miss everyone terribly, us all the fellows do, and would like to be remembered to them. 
	I'll write again next week, and keep you posted on school activities ect. 
                                  Sincerely
                                                   Dick Parkes
