Oct. 10, 1943

Dear Mr. Hutchinson,

I have been promising myself that I'd write to you for quite a while now, but it seems that every time I have a free minute, the army steps in. As you probably know, 5 of us from college are deep in the heart of. We completed our basic three weeks ago and are still around waiting for assignments. As for myself, I am waiting for A.S.T.P. It seems that the starunits(sp?) are crowded, and it takes a while to get called. We were interviewed and told we would be called soon after basic. I found at the interview that I would probably fit best into the engineering program. Of course there is a possibility of rejection when I take tests and am interviewed by the star unit, but I'm going to try my darndest to make it. 

Our basic, as you might expect, was rough going. We had a twelve week period and took up everything under the sun. Being in the medical department, we had to study all sorts of medical subjects besides the regular basic which is common to all departments in the Army. My pet saying now is that I can do any medical work except abortions, and my services are at my friends' disposal at any time. 

I wonder if you will do me a favor. My best friend here at Barkeley has had 3 (1/2) years of study at City College School of Business and Civic Administration, New York City and now finds that he would like to teach. Newark State, after my build-up, seems to fascinate him. He would like to take the General Elementary curriculum. The first two years of that curriculum are just general curricular subjects such as English, Social Studies, Music, etc. Do you think it would be possible for him to start his studies in the Junior year of the transferred? I'd like very much to know what you think.

I suppose good old Newark State is a little different place this year. All of us, of course, miss the school and all of you very much, but then there isn't one of us who would accept a discharge if it were handed to us. Returning to Newark in peacetime will just be that much better.

Please tell everyone hello for me and believe me that the five of us here, are doing everything that we learned at Newark. Good luck to you all. And please write soon. I'd like very much to hear from you.

Sincerely,

Bob
