                                 BULLETIN #1
                                       
They say the ETO is rough. If moving around and carrying equipment is any indication, I guess I'm in a position to agree with that adage. Since we left the states, we've made 21 stops and each place has its particular interest. A lot of information has been taken off the "secret" list so I'm not able to tell a little of my wanderings. I thought that the best way would be to publish this bulletin and make a distribution. Remember that there are some things that I still can't say, but I'll try to make this interesting for you and at the same time make the censor happy.

  1. On October 15, 1944, we left Camp Shelby, Mississippi for a Port of Embarkation. The happy news was that we were to go to New York which afforded a lot of us a chance to be with our parents before we started our foreign adventures. 
  2. October 29 was the fateful day when we embarked for overseas. I went ahead on an advance party. I learned later that I was to work in the Troop Commander's office during the trip, hence the early start. Naturally, yours truly had his share of sea-sickness, and I fed the fish more than once. Here's a bit of advice. If anyone bound for overseas gets a look at this, take a tip and carry all the food you can in your duffel bag. We found ourselves looking at a piece of bread as if it were fried chicken.
  3. We debarked at the port of Plymouth, England, on November 9, and took a train to Frome, a little town in Somerset County. About a mile outside of Frome is Marston Bigot, an old English country estate. We spent the next two months there in training. Passes were numerous, and I had an opportunity to visit London, Bath, and Bristol. Bath was a quaint old town with excellent accommodation for the service man. On Christmas day, I visited an English family and was treated royally. London, even in blackout, is still an exciting city.
  4. Southampton was our next stop, we left the port on an English ship on January 7, 1945, bound for France. The Channel wasn't as rough as I expected. We landed at Ia Havre on the 9[th] and found most of it flattened and in ruins. Our destination was Duclair, a small city near Rouen. We traveled by box-car all night and arrived at Duclair the following morning. I saw very little of France because of a case of the mumps which hospitalized me in Rouen for two weeks. I started it off in our detachment, and four other fellows developed cases during the following weeks, leave it to me to do something to hold up the war effort.
  5. We moved into Belgium on my birthday, February 8[th]. We stayed at Mirfeld for a day and moved on to better quarters at Oberweyworts. Oberweyworts is in the heart of the area where the bulge fighting occurred at the beginning of the year. I imagine I must have been near the place where my friend Bill Menweg met his death in January. Evidence of bitter fighting is all around us, and this was our first experience with artillery fire. The Siegfried line was only a few miles away. 
  6. We didn't realize when we left Belgium for Germany that the following weeks would find us moving from one place to another at the rate of about twice a week. Broich was the first stop on March 8m and it turned out to be another one night stand. We moved on the following day to Urft. Our four day stop was spent at a picturesque hunting lodge, a looter's paradise. I might say here that our battalion was engaged in road maintenance during this time with an occasional bridge project. I am in the medical detachment of our outfit, and our job at all our stops is to set up a medical installation and be prepared to meet any emergency at any time.
  7. The next move was just a couple of mile to Sotenich, and it was such a goof set-up that we knew it couldn't last long. As we expected, we moved on again the next day.
  8. On the 15[th] of March we arrived at Olheim, about 10 miles from a Rhine bridgehead. It was during this period that we were all excited about the crossing of the Rhine. We had a little scare here. Word came though intelligence that the Germans were planning an airborne attack in our area, but, luckily, it all turned out to be a false alarm.
  9. If you consult a map, you can just about figure out that the next stop was across the Rhine. Before we crossed, we stopped at Altnahr, a beautiful scenic spot with a hotel resort. Germany is a beautiful country, and the most picturesque spots are right around the Rhine, I believe. We were beginning to enjoy spring, and Altenahr is just the place to really enjoy it.
  10. I wish everyone could see the magnificent engineering feat that was accomplished in bridging the Rhine River. I've been across the river three times now, and I continue to marvel at the wonderful job our boys did. We were in the First Army, and so we take special pride in the Hodges Bridge. There is little to say about Grenshausen, our first stop on the other side of the Rhine. What was to follow is more exciting.
  11. We were moved into the Ruhr pocket, and we saw our first bit of actual combat. Our boys bridged the Sieg River. (Note to mother  -  I was back quite a way in the aid station.)
  12. About a week ago, I was lucky enough to get a pass to Brussels. What a city! I think I liked it better than London. I hadn't been in a city on pass in four months, and I really appreciated it. Of course, while I was away, they moved on me again. This was a big move, and here I am at said location on duty again. This place is still "secret", so I think I'll have to end my story about here.
The war news has been wonderful, and I'm looking forward to a day not so very far away when I can come back and resume my studies. So, keep the home fires burning. That's all we ask.

SO LONG FOR NOW,
Bob Clausen
