                                Rocco Lorusso
                                       
                                                                   Adams Field
                                                                 Training Det.
                                                                   Little Rock
                                                                          Ark.
Dear Miss Thompson,
	Ah thinks that ah have neglected to write to yo' all to' some time so ah'se a fixin to do it now.
	Our class was very happy to see our hectic accelerated, accelerated Air Mechanic course come to an end  -  yet all of us, I am sure, were very anxious to get to work to see how much we had actually learned in school. Leaving New Orleans our feet next landed in Mississippi  -  Greenwood Army Air Field. Perhaps I sent you a forward from there. We didn't get a chance to apply our knowledge or to see how much we had absorbed in school because there just wasn't "a thing doing" in Mississippi. The field was new. Planes, also, must be rationed because it would take a long time to get enough planes for a squadron. Then too, since the planes were new, they required little maintenance. I did little more than yell  -  "Clean prop... switch on... chocks clean...etc." That was monotonous and dangerous- especially when the cadets decided to engage the starter without warning. I could never get use to a propeller spinning so close to my head without previous warning. I was only too happy to see my name on a shipment list for Little Rock  -  that was last February.
	When we arrived at Adams Field we were hurled in a glider pilot training out fit going full force. The glider pilots were using small fabric covered planes called "cubs." These planes act very much like gliders when the engine is cut off. These small mosquito like planes would take off with a strong gust of wind. The wind would whip up unexpectedly sometime and cause a lot of damage  -  kept us busy. The students had to have previous flying experience to qualify for the program. Unfortunately the specifications did not mention anything about quality of the experience  -  some engines took plenty of harsh treatment. Golly, what a crazy lot those fellows were  -  loved to chase farmers on tractors, tried to make them get off. More than once I had to help dismantle planes that were wrapped around telephone poles and wires.
	Suddenly the program was discontinued. The students left the field  -  the planes followed a few days later. THEN without reason most of our cadré was sent to our home base, Stuttgart (I'm on detached service from there). Only 30 of us remained to take care of transit aircraft. Usually when they stop to refuel, there are small maintenance jobs that must be done. So it's good experience  -  we get familar with many different airplanes.
	How long we will be here, we don't know, nor does any one else. The PX and Medical Staff thought they did  -  so they left the field about a month ago but we're still here. The field is one beautiful mass of confusion. It was lots of fun at first but now this confusion and insecurity is sapping our vitality.
	Since South East Army Air Force training Command is reorganizing its set up, ratings have been closed. We, on detached service, never did expect to get ratings but there was always a chance we might get one by mistake. Furloughs, too, are hard to get. The home base always pulls for their boys first so we're left out in the cold. The mercenary side of me is telling me to look around to see what I can get. I have in an application for O.C.S.  -  Air Force Administration. It is very crowded. I am not anxious to leave the Air Force, otherwise I would look into other O.C.S schools. A friend who does classification work tells me my chances are slim because most O.C.S. material, from now on, will be chosen from the army specialized Training Program. Therefore it's to one's advantage who is entering the army to see if he can qualify for that program. I am told they do not like to accept fellows with degrees  -  much rather have them with no previous training, ideas, theories etc. Don't know how true that is.
	Both Arkansas and Mississippi are two of the poorest states I have seen. Right now the Arkansas papers are severely criticising the passing in the "House" of the bill concerning the Poll Tax. I did not realize that Arkansas was so bitterly oppose to the Negro. I imagine lots of it is due to the fact that the negroes here are a little better educated and a little better clothed, fed, etc. (living in and new a city). Therefore they refuse to stay in their so called "place." Even now during the flood emergency there are no let down of racial barriers. The Eastern section of Little Rock has been evacuated. These flood refugees have been moved to our field. Latrines, mess halls, etc are distinctly labelled "White"  -  "Colored". This is one time that they could do much to remove some of those hatreds because it is causing alot of inconveniences. The Red Cross could easily say put up with this or provide your own housing. Perhaps they, the refugees, might not find it so bad after a while. These refugees are about the same economic level regardless of their color. Isn't it peculiar though  -  the whites are still supposed to be superior. I have walked along the levee and I have seen their one or two room homes. Their life, work, and education are much the same. I can see no difference between the two.
	The flood is a good example for Stuart Chase's "The Road We Are Traveling" and "Goals for America". It's a good example to show what has not been done and what can be done. If only Congress and the State Authorities here had some of his vision  -  How wonderful it would be to see another T.V.A. Since the last large flood little has been done to control the water  -  let alone harnessing its energy and helping the state economically. I am hoping the energy, planning, and effort, that is going on in the war program now, will be directed toward internal programs after the war. Sometimes my outlook is pessimistic when I see things like the National Resource Planning Board made practically useless by those with selfish motives or by those with lack of foresight.

                                                                    Sincerely,
                                                              Rocco E. Lorusso
                                                                          pvt.
                                                                            		



