                                   Lorusso
                                       
                       Headquarters Training Detachment
               Army Air Force Technical Training School Command
                            Delgado Trades School
                              615 City Park Ave.
                               New Orleans, La.
                         [Printed Stationery Header]
                                                              October 22, 1942
Dear Miss Rice,
	Now that I have finished another phase of work and have passed another examination, I can resume a peaceful way of life again. Therefore, I think I will catch up on my correspondence. 
	It was very nice of you to remember me on my birthday, Miss Rice. At college we always had Columbus Day off so I always went home for my birthday. We didn't have the day off here- in fact I was on the late shift which ended at 11:00 PM. A few boys and I celebrated it with a bottle of beer around the "P.X" at our sleeping quarters.
	Sunday is our only day off so we don't have very much time to ourselves. The U.S.O. has a list of families who would like men in the service to visit and spend a part of the day with them. The situation is usually rather "stiff" I'm told by boys who have accepted the invitations. I would like to meet some people with whom I could sit down and talk for a while Do you think that your friends would think me too bold if I "knocked at their door"? I would like to meet them very much.
	I understand the male enrollment at the college keeps decreasing. Every once in a while I get a letter telling me someone else has left. How do the girls feel about the Waacs and the Waves? Do you think many of them will enlist?
	Life has not been so exciting for the pass month except for many amusing things that happen in classes- every word of Private Hargrove is true. I said I was on a late shift and for that reason things have been dull. Sundays I've taken to tennis, horseback riding etc in the city parks. Little did I think that I would be doing these things in the army. I feel much better working out my inhibitions on "working under pressure" out of my system by doing those things. Reading on going to a picture show doesn't help much. The funny part about it is that I never had time for sports before. I still say army life is alright.
	Some day I'll write a letter telling you of all my funny and embarrassing experiences. I am rapidly compiling a book of them Miss Rice.
                                                                         Rocco

[Michael Collins]
