Lorusso
                       Headquarters Training Detachment
               Army Air Force Technical Training School Command
                            Delgado Trades School
                              615 City Park Ave.
                               New Orleans, La.
                         [Printed Stationery Header]
                               Class 10  -  43
[Arrow pointing to right margin] please include on address or I won't get the (final word illegible)

Hello Miss Thompson,
	I'm more than a little late in writing to you. Therefore, please write and give me hell, I deserve it, Miss Thompson. Through grapevines, dame rumor, and what have you, you probably know that I am in an Air Mechanic school. About the first of the new year I will go out on the line and put what I have learned into practice.
	Much of my work thus far has consisted of theory- learning about electricity, hydraulics, gases, metals, and internal combustion engines. I enjoyed this part of the work a great deal. It can be applied to many things other than engines.
	Right now I am running engines on a test stand. The instructor puts "bugs" in the engine and we find them by listening to sounds and by reading instruments. Many times I have wished that I was back at N.S.T.C as I have sat behind an engine blasting in my aching ears- trying to diagnose what was wrong. The instructor keeps insisting on calling these whining, puffing, puttering, noises a SYMPHONY. I'll take Shostakovich's Fifth.
	The work is not as miserable as all that, Miss Thompson. I've been trying to find out what's wrong with my engine for the pass three hours so I'm a little tired. It's probably something right under my nose yet I can't see it.
	About a month ago I became sergeant of my class. I will have a sergeant rating as long as I am with this detachment. Whether or not I will retain my stripes will depend on the commanding officer of the place where I am sent. He will His decision will be based on the number of non  -  coms there and also the food that he has had for breakfeast. They say that if the officer has had a good meal it will help you considerably during your interview.
	Being a sergeant is lots of fun but it also has its headaches. It has all the ear marks of school teachers job. Perhaps you find a few more problem than you would find in a classroom. Besides getting them sober when they have had a little more to drink than I have had, you must get them up at 4:30 AM and see that they change their coveralls once in a while I was taken over the hurdles for the first week after I was made sergeant but now things are running very smoothly. Out of three personal inspections and reviews my class came out first in two of them so I'm pretty proud- making a hit with our Texan major. When ever one of my men gets in a jam thats the only thing he has to say in his "interview" with the major is "I like Texas and I'm from Class 10." It does wonders.
	I'll be rather sorry to leave this detachment. The set up is swell and it is as democratic as any army station can be. In addition to that we don't know what is in store for us after we leave. The school keeps informing us that "Men of Delgato" become specialists, crew chiefs, squadron leaders, and flight sergents. Then we get cards from fellows who have graduated saying "I'm at Shepheard field cooking! wish you were here." So our future is very uncertain, Miss Thompson.
	I just received a copy of the service men's news. It is a wonderful idea. I read that they are advertising for S. Buchners address  -  about 2 months ago it was this Pvt. M.S. Buchner 409 T.S.S. (sp). Flight "D" A.A.F.T.T.C. Amarillo, Texas. If you write to him at that address, they will forward the mail to him if he has been shipped.

                                   			Rocco
                                       
[Michael Collins]
