[Rainbow Logo]
42[nd] DIVISION

                                                    Tuesday, September 5, 1944
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson,

I have been receiving quite a few letters from my old Newark State pals lately, and that, along with the thoughts of College I usually have about this time of year, has finally made up my mind that it is about time I get busy and send you a letter. I had intended to send along a little news about my "Rainbow" activities before now, but it's still the same old excuse of not being able to find the time.

Since my furlough ended in mid-July and I returned to Camp Gruber (Gruesome to we boys of the 42[nd]!) my work has been pretty much the same that which I described to you. I am still connected with an 81mm. Mortar Squad of a Heavy Weapons Company. Along with this type of work, I am still playing quite a bit of drums with the Division's Bugle and Drum Corps. Of course, I don't consider my playing to come under the title of "work." It's really a lot of fun.

There's still no news as to the future of my Army career as a member of the Rainbow Division. We are told almost every day that the outfit will go "over there" as a complete unit  -  but that's all we know. However, with events taking place so quickly as they are in the European Theater, we are almost sure that "over there" means to the Pacific Area for us. In the mean time, we just go on working day to day getting ready for the time when the "Rainbow" does go into action.

I recently put in my application for the Infantry Officer's Candidate School at Ft. Benning, Georgia. Those gold bars are beckoning me once again. I figured that my chances for getting a commission were all gone when I was returned to the Ground Forces from air-crew training in Aviation Cadets last April, but now there is an opening for some men to be trained as Infantry Officers and I have decided to make a try once again. Of course, I may not get anywhere at all, but I thought I might as well make a try for it. All they can say is "No!" So now I'm anxiously waiting to be called before the Division Board of Officers who will determine whether or not I am to get this training  -  I put in my papers just a week ago, so I should be hearing something soon, I hope!

Our friend Harold Atterbury is leaving this division today for some advanced medical training in Denver. From what he told me a few days ago, he is to attend a school in the "Mile High City" for about three months, after which time he is to return to his duties at Camp Gruber. If things go according to plan for me, I probably will not be seeing Harold any more until after we return to civilian life. But I know he has been wanting to go for this advanced training for some time now, and I guess he considers himself pretty lucky to get the chance.

I was to meet Bob Kaeppel in Tulsa this past weekend, but he was stuck on some detail for Sunday and could not leave his post. Bob is at Coffeyville, Kansas now, which is on the border of Oklahoma, so we are both about the same distance from Tulsa. We hope to be able to get together for a little N.S.T.C.  -  Class of '44  -  Reunion some weekend in the very near future. I do hope it's soon because I have not seen Bob for almost sixteen months now. 

I heard from Bob Pierson lately and he is back in California for a while. He was going to a diesel maintenance school at Camp Crowder, Mo. for some time but he has returned to Camp Kohler out on the Pacific coast. According to his letter though, he expects to come back to Crowder soon. If he does, Bob Kaeppel and I have to make arrangements to meet him in Tulsa too. Of course Atterbury was to have been in on this too, but knowing this crazy Army as I do, I wouldn't be surprised if we are never able to get together!

I wrote to Lou Dykstra some time ago, but as yet have not heard a word from him. I'm wondering if he has left the country?

That's about all the news on my recent activities. Maybe this letter will help to make up for all those that I never wrote to you before this! There's something I'd appreciate you doing for me, if you will. I have word that Pat Doherty wants to hear from me, but I do not know his address. Can you help me please?

I sure wish I was back to start another year at Newark State, but I'm afraid it will have to wait another year or two before that wish comes true.

Bye now,

Roy G. Daniels
