Anif, Austria
July 25, 1945

Dear Miss Thompson,

Guess I owe you a letter long about now, and today is a quiet one for me as far as work goes, and that in [illegible] makes it a good one for catching up on my correspondence. So here goes.

First, I want to say how sorry I was to hear of Ralph Sozio's death. I knew of his illness, but never believed it was quite so serious. Words can hardly express what we of N.S.T.C. thought of Ralph and I know that his many friends will never forget the gifts he gave everyone through his music. It's a pity that he could not have continued his already famous career. I'm sure we would have had another great name to add to the list of American song writers. Ralph and his parents were not alone in wishing that we could carry on where we left off with "College Daze." We all wanted to take part in another such production. No, Ralph will not be forgotten by Newark State.

Next, I would like to thank you all for the "Servicemens News" which continues to find their way to me as I travel around Europe. I sure do appreciate receiving the paper and getting all the "dope" on the whereabouts and activities of all my old friends. I manage to write to a few of the fellows  -  Doherty, Ambry, Kaeppel, and Whiting  -  but thru the "News" I can keep contact with almost all of them.

As for this "G.I. Joe" things have been rather quiet since V-E Day  -  which does not bother me one bit! I now have a fairly good idea as to what is in store for me in this Army  -  at least I know for the next few months. The 42[nd] "Rainbow" Division has been selected as one of two outfits to be semi-permanent Army of Occupation in Austria until such time as this country can set up its own government and show that she is capable of getting along without us. Don't know how long that means, but we are sure of being here until January or February of 1946. Then we will be ready for redeployment to the Pacific  -  via the States  -  we hope!

I have very little to do at present  -  except enjoy the sights of this beautiful country. We move about every two or three weeks and that makes it possible for me to get around and see just that much more. I might as well see all there is to see if I am to stay here for a while. Since V-E Day, we have travelled up and down the Alps both here in Austria and also in Southern Germany. I've never seen anything to compare with these wonderful Alps. The beautiful snow-capped peaks cannot be compared with anything else I've ever seen. Beats me why these people want more of everything when it looks to me as though they have all that a nation could want!

I spend most of my weekends hitch-hiking to various places via Army vehicles. While stationed near Innsbruck, I made the trip into Italy via the famous "Brenner Pass." I was able to add quite a few photographs to my collection as a result of this experience. 

The 103[rd] Division operated a ski-resort on one of the mountains overlooking the city of Innsbruck. So I tried a little ski-ing up there one day  -  yes, there's four feet of snow there  -  even in July! The ride up the resort a thrill in itself. The trip is made by cable-car  -  a car which is suspended in midair about 150 to 200 ft. above the side of the mountain. I'm enclosing a postcard showing the cable-car and the two highest levels. Hope you like it.

The move to this area meant a trip of 100 miles, but it meant many more things for me to see. This Anif  is a small residential area just outside the city limits of Salzburg. This famous city, well known for its famous music festivals, is by far one of the best of Europe  -  nearly untouched by bombs and other signs of war. There are many beautiful, old, buildings bordering the cities "square." Then there is the huge castle overlooking the whole area from a high mound in the center of Salzburg  -  the very same castle that King Leopold of Bulgaria has been using as his home while a captor of the Nazis.

Here we are only 10 miles from Hitler's "Berchtesgarden", so I visited there a week ago. There's little to see of anything there since our Air Force worked on it. But I did get some good picture of the bombed out buildings.

I met Harold Atterbury a few days ago  -  first I've seen him since we crossed the Rhine. We spent an evening together in Salzburg  -  mostly talking over our experiences here in Europe. He's still the same Atterbuty. We talked about returning to N.S.T.C. when this is all over  -  also of the possibilities of attending a university while over here in the Army's Education Program.

This is all the news for now. I'll write again when there is more news.

Bye now,

Roy
