[V-Mail]
To: Miss Nancy Thompson, Librarian
New Jersey State Teachers College
Newark, New Jersey

From: Pfc Roy G. Daniels 12134519
Co D [Illegible] Infantry APO [Illegible]
PM New York, N.Y.

January 18, 1945
Northern France

Dear Miss. Thompson,

If you do not mind me typing this out on a German typewriter  -  which a few of our boys picked up while making a raid on a factory that once belonged to Hermann Goring!  -  I will try to bring you up to date on my recent activities. It's a good thing I learned to type by the "one finger method" because the keyboard on this thing is very different from the set-up you are using in the States!

My mail is beginning to come through quite regularly now, and I have received the College Christmas Card, a card from Miss. Lipson, and the November issue of the Servicemen's News. All were greatly appreciated, and I would like you to thank those who sent them to me. I enjoyed receiving mail when I was in the States, but now it mean more than ever to hear my name at mail call.

I suppose Ellie is keeping you up to date on most my over-seas life, but maybe I can find some "new" news for you. First of all, I have been in combat. We didn't waste much time in getting into action once we arrived in Southern France. It has not been too bad for me up to this time, however, as I have not been up in the very thickest of the fighting like some of the fellows in the outfit. My work has been mostly in the communications field in operating a radio, telephones, and putting out telephone lines. If I continue in this type of work, I'll probably be stringing wire from here to Berlin! The one bad feature in my line of duty  -  and this is what I have to do most of the time  -  is what we call "trouble-shooting" in the Army. In other words, we have to out, locate, and repair our lines when a break is made in them. This would not be so bad if the break occurred during the day, but they never fail to come until darkness has fallen around us! It's not much fun going out there where German, as well as American, patrols are ready to take a "pot-shot" at anything they see moving. But, c'est la Guerre! I guess it will be quite different when the big "push" starts towards Berlin again.

At the present time we are billoted over here. Good thing we are too, because it is plenty cold in this part of France. By working in shifts, all of the men in the outfit are able to get some sleep and rest in a warm place at least once a day. That is, of course, if action on the front is not too "hot". I am now living with the Scheldt family who are typical Aleatiens. I am glad I studies both French and German when I was in high school, as these people speak a mixture of the two at all times! These poor people never can figure out if they are supposed to be French or German. What a life.

Time to go back to work. Say, I don't think I did so bad on this German contraption. I'll have to use it again some time. Remember me to all the students and faculty, and tell them I'm waiting for the day when I can go back to N.S.T.C.

Bye now,

Roy
