                                                  Pvt. Roy G. Daniels 12134519
                                                    609[th] Tng. Gp. (BKS 563)
                                                   63[rd] Tng. Wing. B.T.C. #3
                                                         Sheppard Field, Texas
                                                                              
ARMY AIR FORCES
[LOGO]
SHEPPARD FIELD

October 20, 1943

Dear Miss Thompson,

Now that I am settled here at my new post I have a little time for letter writing, so I am going to keep my promise to you by sending you this letter with my new address.

I arrived here from Walters last Monday just in time to go through a good old Texas wind and dust storm. The Field is situated in the North Texas Plains just outside of the city limits of Wichita Falls. It is excellent for flying conditions. There are no mountains, not even any trees. Just flat sandy soil that seems to blow into everything. I sleep in it, I eat it, I live in it twenty-four hours a day. But I shouldn't complain because I am in the Air Forces for the duration whether I get a commission and my wings or I end up as a grease monkey. My days with the infantry are all behind me now and only seem like a very bad dream I have had.

They tell us that we will be here for approximately twenty to twenty-five days, during which time I will go through processing and classification. It's just as if I had entered the Army the other day as this is all pretty much the same as it was at Ft. Dix. After I have completed all of this I will be sent to some college for my pre-flight Cadet-training. That is, of course, if I pass all my physicals. So far I am still in the running. Here's hoping I can keep going.

If you remember, when I was talking with you one day I asked about a fellow named Kawalick and I said there was a soldier with the same name from my outfit at Walters. I looked him up when I came back here to Texas and he turned out to be a younger brother of Raymond's. His name is Walter, I didn't know if you had any information on Raymond so I asked for his address. Here it is:

1[st] Lt. Raymond Kawalick
AAFMC
67 Broad St
New York City, N.Y.

I guess you can drop him a line at this address. Don't know just what he is doing but from the address I gather that he has a desk job with the administration part of the Air Forces. I hope this information will be of help to you.

This is all of the news for now. I would appreciate hearing from you if you have the time to write. I will try to keep you up to date on my activities.

Sincerely,
Roy G. Daniels



