                                                               Vienna, Austria
                                                              October 16, 1945
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson,

I received your welcome letter many weeks ago, but for some reason or other, I have not been able to settle down to letter answering since I came to this big city. I have no excuse except perhaps that there are just too many things to see and do here. I'll try and make up for my long delay in writing here and now, and maybe you will forgive me for not doing my duty. You can be sure it is not that I have forgotten you at N.S.T.C.

Actually, I think of Newark State every day in the week  -  especially since the Fall Semester has started. I keep thinking of the old days when everybody came back  -  and after a week or so of excitement, we settled down to another year of studies. Not that there isn't always some thing exciting happening around the halls of Newark State! Then too, I have been wondering if any of the fellows have returned to college  -  and then most of all, I wish I were back there now. I'd give most anything to be there now so I could graduate with the Class of '46, but the way things are going it will have to be '47 for me. Guess you know that my gal friend will graduate next June  -  and to think that she was only lowly "Frosh" when I was a Junior! Eleanor writes to me often and does very well in keeping me informed of the college activities. Of course, that does not mean that I do not wish to receive your interesting letters too. After reading one of your "little books" I always feel as though I'm on the inside track  -  with all the latest news.

Suppose you would be interested in a bit of news from here. You know, I'm probably the only Newark Stater that has hit Vienna  -  at least I like to think that I am! Our "Triple Deuce" Regiment  -  the famous 222[nd]  -  is the only one here. We left the rest of the Rainbow Division near Salzburg, Austria on September 1[st] and convoyed here, 150 miles inside the Russian Occupation Zone.

Except for missing the beautiful scenery that I had grown accustomed to while living among the hills of the wonderful Tyrolean Alps, I am sure that being here as part of the Occupation troops in Vienna is the best "deal" any GI in Europe could hope to have. Without a doubt it is "the" garrison of all occupied territory over here. Naturally, it's not to be compared with being a civilian back in the states again, but this is the most un-Army-like living I've done in a long while.

There is the very minimum of organized Army life. No formations, little work  -  except to keep the civilians in line and a little guard duty -, good billets, and plenty of free time to enjoy the city of Vienna. As you know, this is the center of old world culture, and except for a few of our bombs dropped by the A.A.F. on the City Opera House  -  making it impossible to give any programs there, one can still see and hear the best in music, dancing, acting, etc.

Since coming here, I've heard numerous concert  - symphonies, military, glee clubs - , I saw the opera [illegible], three ballets, and I plan on hearing another opera this week. There are so many opera houses, concert halls and theaters in Vienna, that one could go to a different program every night in the week for months. And it's all "first-rate" too.

Besides all the entertainment, I have spent many hours roaming about the city looking over the famous buildings and gardens. Yesterday I went out to "Schonbraun"(sp?), the beautiful palace and gardens once belonging to Austria's Emperor. Franz Joseph lived there from time to time and I believe Napoleon stayed there for a while.

Then there is "The Ring"  -  a beautiful, wide, avenue that runs around the center of Vienna and on either side are the famous buildings of Parliament, the Rathaus, Burg Theater, City Opera House, another huge palace, the Vienna Museum, and many more. I have been taking many pictures for my collection but there are many more to be taken.

Yes, Vienna is a beautiful city. I would have liked to have seen it in pre-war days  -  or maybe, if it's possible, I'd like to return here some day  -  perhaps in about 10 years. Why? Because all the buildings I have mentioned plus hundreds more have been damaged by bombs, shelling, and small arms fire. These will all be repaired in time, I know, as many repairs have already been made. Then too, there are hundreds of beautiful statues, pools and fountains in the park and gardens  -  all of which are not playing now. It must have been wonderful here before the destruction of war visited this city.

I guess this was quite a place for night life at one time too. Even now the civilians like to go out to the various cafes and dancing spots  -  even though the transportation system is pretty well messed up and they can not get anything to eat or drink once they get there. We GI's have our own "A.W.O.L. Club" so we have few worries of the kind.

So much for Vienna. I guess it sounds as though I were having a wonderful time here. Well I am considering that I'm in the Army! But my only wish now is to get home, and of course, discharged. As things stand right now, I expect to be in this area for another two months at least, then I'll probably go to work in a close-out force in France. Then  -  maybe I'll get aboard a ship around April or May sometime  -  and finally to the States. I had hoped to get home a little before then, but what with long shoreman strikes in the States, transferring of ships to the British, and a general slowdown of redeployment of troops I'll probably be lucky if I'm discharged by June. I hope I'm home in time to start in at Newark State again in September of '46.

At present I am playing drums with a 30 piece Regimental Band, but I am to return to my old Co "D" within a few days. Believe it or not, they are finally going to make a sergeant out of me! Yes, I'm going to take over the job of communications sergeant  -  the same work I did all through the war, but it's taken them all this time to get around to giving me a rating. Let's see, at this rate, I could be a General in about 30 years if I stayed in the Army!

This is all the latest news. Please write to me soon and let me in on the N.S.T.C. news. I'm looking forward to another copy of the Servicemen's News  -  you are still publishing them, I hope.

Bye now,

Roy
