                                                     Friday, February 18, 1944
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson,

Remember me? I sure hope you do, but I suppose I cannot do much in the way of complaining if you have forgotten about me, for it is all my fault. I think I made some promises last September and it seems to me that they had to do with my writing to you so you could keep a record of my whereabouts. I realize that it has been a long time since I sent my last letter to you, and I've been trying to think up some good excuses for not writing since then, but I can't think of any. Guess I'm just plain lazy. I am in a writing mood today though, so maybe I can make up for lost time.

I received the latest copy of the Newark State "Service Men's News" and I see that I am listed as being at Sheppard Field, Texas. Well, it has been some time since I left there. To be exact, it was last November 29[th] that I climbed aboard a bus at the Field and rode all the way across this state to Lubbock, here in West Texas. I was hoping that I would be shipped to some college in the Northeast for me pre-flight work, but it looks as though the Army decided I was to stay in Texas for a few months more.

When I headed for Sheppard Field from my old outfit in the infantry, I had my doubts to how far I would get in the Cadet Training Program as I was afraid of my so-called color blindness. But when I took my physical examination I made out all right. Now I have no more worries about that part of my flying career.

So here I am at Texas Tech. College taking pre-flight courses in physics, math, navigation, meteorology, history, and English. These subjects are keeping me plenty busy, but that's the way I like it. They get rather tough at times and I have to put a great strain on my brain. When I think back on my days in the Infantry and remember all the physical work I had to do, I just pick up my books and start studying `cause I know that I'm really living like a king here at Tech.

I live in one of the dormitories on the campus. It sure is a lot better than living in the barracks that I used to call my home. And the food is excellent. The menus and meals are made up and dished out by civilians. No "GI" chow for us! Not even any "K.P." I guess you can see why I like this place so much. I'm really living.

Did you ever here of Texas Tech. up in New Jersey? I never heard of this place until I came out to Lubbock. I must admit I was quite surprised to find such a large college as I was expecting to see something on the scale of Newark State, but I was wrong. The campus covers some 2000 acres of land. A large portion of this is now under cultivation and is used by the Division of Agriculture of the college. The buildings are designed like that of the Spanish Renaissance period and include nine permanent educational buildings, four large dormitories that house 6000 resident students and fifteen other buildings. As the college was established in 1923, most of the buildings are quite new.

The campus is not near as pretty as those in the North because it is located in the South Plains area of West Texas just below the Panhandle. This country is very flat and sandy even though we are 3,200 ft. above sea level. It's not a bad place, but I'll take Newark State anytime.

As for the City of Lubbock, it is a good sized place with about 45,000 people. There are many "cowboys
 around as this is a great beef raising district. We aviation students seem to be the favorite adopted sons of the citizens of this city and they do a lot to make this life pleasant for us. No, I'm not a member of the Texas State Chamber of Commerce, but I thought you might like to know something about this part of the U.S.

My stay here is getting shorter every day. According to latest rumors, my classes will be over in about three weeks. Then I will go on flying status. I'm really looking forward to this, because it has been quite some time I was "upstairs." Have ever heard the saying the Cadets have about their training? "Join the Air Forces and never see an airplane!" The reason for this is that we fellows joined this outfit to learn to fly and get into action against the enemy and, instead of flying, all we do for the first four or five months is go to college and study. They say this training will all go to make us better pilots, bombardiers, and navigators, and U.S. Army officers too. I guess they are right, but it does seem like such a long time to spend before actually flying.

I will get at least ten hours of light-plane flying here at Tech. before I go to my primary-flight field. Right now it looks as though I will go to Santa Ana, California for this phase of my training. I hope I do get out there as I never have been on the West Coast. Then too, I have been in Texas long enough. After Santa Ana, I have no idea where I will go. All I do know is that I have long way to go before I finish up this business and get my "wings" and commission. I think the time will pass quickly though.

They are keeping me busy playing my drums too. We have a marching band of 40 pieces and we play at the Retreat ceremony each evening and also for our Sunday afternoon parade. This parade is a big affair. We have had as many as 6000 Lubbock citizens out to see us do our stuff. Have you ever seen The West Point Cadets drill? Well this is exactly the same except on a much smaller scale. I also play in a 16 piece dance orchestra that we fellows have put together. We have gained quite a bit of popularity about the town. So far, we have played for the graduation dance that the Cadets have before leaving Tech, at the Lubbock U.S.O., and also at the two hotels in the city. I sure get a lot of enjoyment from playing and it also gives me something to do during my spare time.

I think I have just about exhausted my brain trying to think of some more news to pass along to you, but it's just no use. There isn't any more. I have a class in navigation in a few minutes too, so I will have to bring this little manuscript to a close. Before I do, I want you to do something for me if you will. First of all, I would like to be remembered to all the faculty at N.S.T.C. Then I would like you to thank whoever got out those wonderful Newark State Christmas cards. I really appreciated getting mine and I know all the other fellows must have felt the very same way. And now I would like you to thank Dr. Vaughn-Eams and all those working with her on the "Service Men's News" staff. They all are doing a splendid job. Tell them to keep up the excellent work.

There goes the bell telling me it is time to fall out for classes, so this is as far as I can go at this time. I hope this letter helps to make you forget that I have been such a bad little soldier. Once again I will say that I will try to write to you more often. See if I do!

Sincerely,

Roy G. Daniels

A/S Roy G. Daniels 12134519
309[th] Clg. Tng. Det. (Aircrew)
Sqdn. A. Sect. 100
Texas Tech. College
Lubbock, Texas
