U.S. NAVAL TRAINING SCHOOL
(AVIATION RADIO MATERIAL)
CORPUS CHRISTI, TEXAS

(Hand-written note by Nancy Thompson:
Note: Rufus Allen left a wife and 4 children to join the navy in this war. In 1917 he was overseas. He was a buddy of ex-governor Harold Hoffman's.)

Bac. #5 Ward Island
Jan. 3, 1943

Dear Miss Thompson:

Remember me  -  Rufus Allen Perth Amboy Class of Feb. 1917.

I just had a few things recently that made me recall Newark Normal or State Teachers College. I had an opportunity to assist the librarian here in taking charge of the books & your course would have enabled me to have done it & I needed to darn some socks & sew on some buttons which I learned among other good things at Newark Normal in the sewing class.

I'm just a few months short of fifty years. The Army would admit me but not send me over seas; the Marine Corps offered me guard duty; the Coast Guard sent me back to reduce 15 lbs; the Navy offered me anywhere the rest go  -  you have even chance. So I took the latter; they are treating me swell much better than the Army of '17 & 18.

I'm working in the compound here (a sort of prison enclosure on Ward Island); the Navy is doing some work here of a secret nature: it's so secret that even the carbon paper of the correspondence is used once and destroyed.

This is an entirely different service from '17  -  '18. In those days, you were just an infantryman or engineer. Now they are all specialists and the schools of both are like the assembly: they throw the knowledge at you like axles, bolts, & nuts and you come out a cog in the war machine.

I didn't experience much difficulty with the drills or hard work after the first week of training. That first week to me was just like being hit on the head with a mallet. They give you so many injections you feel like a pincushion. You swear you'll never get all those Navy clothes in the sea bag; and you have so much equipment you feel like a Xmas tree.

The bosuns holler at you right or wrong and they make you go to bed at 9:30P.M. and you've got to keep quiet & sleep. After that for seven days you feel like you're coming out of the fog. During that period of time I must say the water in the causeway from the bridge looks very inviting. 

Corpus Christi, my present station, is an air base. The city is 100,000 & looks like Newark. It has palms and other tropical growth & the weather is swell. The lads play touch football in bathing suits.

They work you pretty hard 7:30 a.m. to 8:30 p.m.  -  time out for meals. Grass is nice and green & morning glories are blooming in front of our barracks. 

New Years we worked; we had sea-gulls for dinner (seagull is chicken here). All day long the planes fly, circle, formations & sometimes the air is filled with them.

I serve directly under Lt. Comdr. N.H. Randall who is quite a man. He was aboard the first action of the U.S. Navy in 1917 & was at Pearl Harbor that 7[th] of Dec.

Will close now. Remember me to Miss Engola, Mr. Sloan & Miss Baldwin. I think these are all the teachers there whom I know that are still there.

If you see any of my old classmates or former teachers remember me to them. 

With kindest regards, I am 

Very sincerely yours,

Rufus B. Allen
