Friday, January 28

Dear Lady Jane,

Your return from retirement (in so far as correspondence is concerned) was a long time in coming. However, your literary efforts, this time, compensated for the delay.

I'm glad to hear that George is doing well. It seems to me that I either heard or read that George was now a first lieutenant. Is that correct?

It's odd how well or how long you can know a person without discovering some of their secrets. I've often wondered what the G stood for in your name. I had to wait until it appeared on your stationary before I learned the mystery.

This mad world has become lots worse since I went into the Army. Feb 6[th] marks the beginning of my fourth year in the Army. In retrospect, the elapsed time doesn't see to have been very long, but ten years from now, when I look back, I'll realize what a large bite the Army took out of my life. I did get, and am still receiving very valuable personnel experience from the Army, but, I imagine I could have secured the same experience as a civilian.

Because I have complete a "hitch" (a three year term of service), I'm entitled to draw longevity pay. That, plus my pay, plus the family allowance for my wife (and the baby, when it is born) will be a tidy sum. For that reason, I like to tease Miriam about becoming a "thirty year man", an expression denoting a soldier who stays in the service for that length of time so that he can retire on pension. Needless to say, the mere thought horrified her.

Miriam is in fine shape, literally as well as figuratively. She becomes larger each day, and with three more months of pregnancy yet to come, I have difficulty picturing her.

Whenever I read the NSTC Servicemen's Bulletin, I feel relieved to see that someone else besides me isn't an officer. I'd feel that I had let the college down if I were one of the few exceptions. (Of course I'm being sarcastic). Seriously, the only regrets I have about my not being some sort of an officer are financial. A married second lieutenant draws $252. All the rest is nothing to me. I've seen and worked with good and bad officers  -  most of them I'd refuse to hire if I were a personnel manager. Believe me, it isn't a case of sour grapes. I honestly feel sorry for some of these boys and men, who, at the completion of the war and their returns to civilian life, will have to learn to say "Sir" to their customers (the salesclerks), their passengers (the taxicab and bus drivers) and their bosses (all the petty white collar workers). I've seen too many non-descript civilians wearing bars and leaves to be impressed any longer. I dare say that the majority of them would like to remain in the Army, in their present rank, because they never expected to be as well off as they were in the Army. To cite a typical example, we have two captains in our outfit. The only difference between them is that one of them will admit that he doesn't do anything.

I expect to get home sometime this summer on a furlough. If possible, I'll drop in. Meanwhile, you write. Miriam sends her regards.

-Saul
