Dear Mr. Hutchinson  - 

Thank's for your interest in contacting me. It was nice seeing your name before me again.

Well I'm in the Air Corps now and its turned out to be quite the place to be in  -  I'll start from the beginning: As you know, I couldn't get a second deferment in order to finish out my year in B'water. Having washed out as flying cadet due to a mastoid operation in my childhood, I was due for induction as a probable infantry man  -  However I've always had a phobia of bayonets so for the obvious reason I did not wait to be drafted. I enlisted in the Air Corps, which is no doubt the best and most respected branch of service. I was sent to Dix where I stayed for 10 days before shipment to Jefferson Barracks, the Air Corps replacement center. (By the way I met Pete Cummins, Saul Bosek, and Joe Martin at Dix). Arriving at J.B. one miserable rainy day we found our new home to be a leaky tent with a coal stove in the middle of the floor. There I spent 8 weeks learning to do column, flank, rear and forward movements, doing my share of horrible K.P., fatigue details until one week before I left J.B. , I was assigned to special duty which I really found interesting. My new duty was to interview and classify the incoming men in order to determine which branch of the air corps they were best fitted for. That was a job you would like  -  in fact you could write quite a fine doctor's dessertation on the effect war has on "the best laid plans of mice and men".

However this job was too good to last, for my name appeared on a shipping list of 30 men assigned to the Missouri Aviation Institute at Kansas City to be trained as air corps technician. So here I am now, going to school again (a five month course) 6 days a week from 6 in the morning until 3 P.M. The course is wonderful. I think I've really found myself in aeronautics. I'm applying for officer's training in air corps administration or in some engineering capacity. It all depends on whether I'm accepted and how I do on the exams, which or any capacity I'll land in.

Perhaps you'd like to know how we're doing here. Well we certainly can't complain! Our training detachment is living at hotels, we merely make our own beds, otherwise the rooms are cleaned for us. We eat at the hotel restaurant and no K.P.  -  The people here in K.C. just worship us  -  I've never seen people so friendly  -  We're invited to dances and parties as well as memberships at the Y.M.C.A. where we swim daily  -  Not bad for Army life, is it?

I'd like to hear from you again so do write  -  and please send my sincerest regards to our friends  - 

Yours fraternally  - 

P.S.: T.S.S.(Sp) stood for technical, school squadron (special)  -  

S  -  

Pvt. S. H. Gelbond
Class 28-42
Hotel Densmore
Kansas City, MO.
