[US ARMY AIR FORCES LOGO]
ARMY AIRE BASE
Blythe, California

                                                         18[th] Bomb. Squadron
                                                            34[th] Bomb. Group
                                                             February 13, 1943
                                                                              
Dear Gang  - 

At long last, this unheard from son of the well known institution of learning, commonly known as the N.J. State Teachers College at Newark, is about to receive a bit of information which is neither classed as "secret," or "confidential"  -  in fact it's not even "restricted"  -  just plain old nonsensical military information  -  for which this correspondent is well known. I hereby promise not to take advantage of the youth of my readers  -  nor shall I take undue liberties  -  however, I shall, at least in part, attempt to give you a sample of my thoughts, such as they are  -  on various occassion.

I might state that at this very moment I am over 12,000 feet above the God-forsaken place called: Blyth, California. I've been busily listening to the radio  -  the Met in New York has just concluded there broadcast of Boris Gudonow  -  and I enjoyed it immensely. You see, we've been flying all afternoon  -  and inasmuch as we haven't gone anywhere  -  I've had nothing to do. Consequently  -  I've taken it upon myself to enjoy the finer things in life  -  while there is yet life!!!

You know, I could go into an excellent dissertation on my impressions of being over two miles above the earths surface  -  yes, Blyth is on the surface of the Earth  -  no matter how remote!  -  however, at this late stage in the game  -  it becomes a bit routine  -  just like going to class from day to day  -  and seeing the same faces. But, you know, I kinda miss those faces that I used to see  -  and the things I used to do, while I was there at the college. Can't say whether I would rather be with you  -  or fly  -  however  -  I feel that I do enjoy both  -  terribly. Occasionally I think back  -  R.U.R.  -  sure had a great time putting that on  -  and our education pageant  -  the Christmas program with the music department  -  the room offstage  -  you know the one I mean  -  nuff said!!!!!  -  The Eastern States Conference at the Penn  -  The dramatic conference at Montclair.  -  the snow fight  -  believe you have some motion pictures of that  -  remember it? Out on the campus (?)! Males vs. Females  -  and we were outnumbered! Then the final election at the end of the freshman year  -  those are some of the things that you are reliving again. Live them well  -  because life seems to be one thing we can't overdo  -  or do over!

Haven't bumped into anyone down in this part of the country that ever went to N.S.T.C. However, that doesn't mean a thing  -  because one can travel for days in any one direction, with a week's rations  -  and other paraphernalia usually necessary when lost  -  and not meet a civilized human being  -  let alone a N.J.S.T.C. Alumnuses.

Gosh it's becoming a bit cool up here  -  temperature is +3 (degrees) C.  -  have someone interept that  -  someone in the science dept. Considerably warmer on the ground. Really gets warms around this part of the country! Only during the day  -  one usually freezes at night  -  and you have snow in Newark. Oh well! Can't have everything  -  sand, sage, sand, hills and sand  -  then expect snow  -  and other nice things.

You know, the college once flattered me by telling me that I could express myself  -  in fact they even allowed me to contribute to the school paper  -  and on rare occasions accepted a line or two to fill an empty space in which nothing worthwhile could be inserted  -  however, at the present time, I do find myself at a loss  -  you know it's most embarrassing  -  I'd like to tell you how much I appreciated that little rememberance that you sent down to me  -  I'd like to put into words the warm feeling that comes into my heart when I think of it  -  or where I first received it  -  and when I realize that there are some people who do take time out occasionally to remember Sid  -  you know I only spent a year at the college yet you treat me like an alumnus  -  and, believe me, it's a wonderful feeling. The memories  -  the pictures, the little card case  -  you know that was just about the most appropriate thing that you possibly could have sent. Perhaps, if I were poetically inclined, I might write lyracally, expressions of gratefulness  -  but unfortunately I have a great deficiency in talent. However, I can, and will say, thanks, gang, thanks from the bottom of my heart  -  I do appreciate your interest  -  and thoughts  -  and kindnesses.

 You know, I had a grand time that afternoon I was back  -  and, incidentally I renewed an almost lost friendship  -  for which I'm extremely happy. The person who is responsible will realize just what I mean  -  however, that just one more thing for which I'm grateful to the school. Believe me, a great misunderstanding was rectified  -  even tho it was a bit late to do too much about it. For more details, see Miss Ruth Rader  -  '41.

My humbled apologies to Miss Rogers  -  and you  -  for the gross error and crime committed by this sincerely sorrowful soul. I am truly sorry  -  and will send a more appropriate card  -  acknowledging their timely Christmas card. In fact, I'll write it now  - excuse me. There, that's over with  -  now, where was I? Oh yes  -  what does the army teach me!  -  Well, that's a rather difficult question to answer  -  the army is responsible for my learning a number of things  -  1: military living and all that it implies  -  2: Navigation. 3: Geography  -  and 4: Well, let's not go into too much detail, N'est-ce pas?

Seriously tho  -  Army life is different  -  and my conception of a great many things, both ideal and material has changed  -  I can't just put it into words  -  but the frequent change in environment, the numerous personalities, the many and varied forms of expression used by just as many people from just as many sections of the United States can't help but change a number of traits of ones personality  -  sometimes for the better  -  and others for the not so good  -  however, one's outlook is definitely broadened.

You know, this letter should be something to the students and faculty about my life  -  and just how much the N.J.S.T.C. did for me in making me a better soldier  -  but, if that's what was expected  -  I guess I've disappointed you  -  Your forgiveness, I beg  -  I guess I must have become a bit [illegible] in thinking on paper  -  but that's just Sid  -  any really radical change wouldn't be the same old person. Or perhaps that's what's wrong  -  perhaps, in fact, no doubt, there would be an improvement!

But, enough chatter  -  let's clad that which makes no sense  -  and go back to work  - 

As for you, who are fortunate, or unfortunate enough to be in college  -  live well, and fully  -  for those days, and hours, and minutes only too soon become but memories, to be relived only in the mind  -  on those rare occasions when one can take time out to relive  - 

So now  -  a fond ai revoir  -  to all  -  and my sincerest best wishes to all  - 

Regards  - 

Sid

P.S. I might add : "Love and Kisses" to that overwhelming multitude of feminine pulchritude for which N.J.S.T.C. is so well-known!

Sid
