Lt. Ted Gabry (1941)

July 9, 1943

Dear Miss Thompson  -  

I'm taking some time off to catch up on some of the many letters left unanswered and I'm starting with you.

The "dark continent" is a wonderful place  -  to come from. It seems to me the sun takes great delight in shooting its fire darts and our only protection is a swim in the `Italian Lake' (which has recently changed title).

I never thought any one place could have so many hot days, crawling insects and damned flies. Before taking a nip the flies turn our dog tags over to check the blood type. We have daily practive in anti-fly shooting and it just amazing what a "75" can do to a flight of them.

Then we have the Arabs. Fine people, they're a cross between the "Dead End Kids" and a walking victory garden. They are firm believers in filth, stealing and sleep, and are avalfied experts in any of the three  -  many all three.

The cities of Africa  -  Constantine, Oran, Tunis etc. are all old and very picturesque, but the biggest surprise to me was Algiers (Made famous by Boyer & homarr  -  so they tell me!). The houses are of ultra modern design and reminded me of our N.Y. Worlds Fair. They are all snow white inset with colored tile giving one the feeling of Alice in Wonderland.

The countryside, for the most part, is mountainous and barren with valleys set to wheat. At the moment its so hot the mountains are melting away to hills.

Ah yes, this is Africa, the land schoolboys dream of, the hunter's paradise, and Tarzan's domain  -  well, they can have it, all I want right now is a chocolate malted and a hot dog.

I received your letter and assure you that before leaving the states I made out a War Department locater card to notify you of the temporary change of address. That you did not receive it does not surprise me as my parents never received theirs either. I'm sorry I can't help you out with any addresses of NJSTC men as I have seen none over here. If I do I'll let you know.

Thank you for sending me your Reflector. As yet it has not arrived but I know it will catch up to me a some future date.

Say hello to that fine faculty of ours. I wish I could write each one individually but that's impossible and this is much more economical  -  on my part.

Sincerely,

Ted Gabry
