                                                  7[th] Tech. Sch. Sqd. (S.p.)
                                                             Barrack 373 FL B.
                                                            Chanute Field, Ill

Dear Chief,

	Just a line to let you know that I might become a teacher yet.  The Army is now my home until after the War.  The Air-Corps seems to think I am capable of taking an instructors course.  Well, I shall give it a try.  In peace time this course would take a year and a half.  But now, the complete course takes a mere seventy days (Sundays excluded).  
	
	I am not able to give you a complete description of the course but I will be able to give a cloudy idea.  

6 P.M.	time to study ( six hours of studying in three hours )
9 P.M.	lights out  -  sleep, oh wonderful sleep!!!

	Well, `time's awastin' and I think I shall finish writing before the lights go out.

                                                                  Ted Lucciola
                                                                              
P.S.	Please give my regards to `The Mrs' and tell her I miss N.S.T.C., but not for the women end of it.

P.S.2	A bulletin was just posted stating school is now on a seven day week basis.  (At least they can't make it eight days a week, can they.)  Marks for the first two tests were also posted.  I passed both tests with an 84 average.  If I graduate this course, I will be qualified to teach pilots instrument blind flying.  This, of course, does not mean I have to be a pilot, but I must know all about flying, plus more.
	
	The following is my daily plan of attack:

4 A.M.  -  time to get up-and out of bed.  
     wash and clean barrack
   
4:45 A.M.  -  time to eat
	       walk (1/2) mile to school.

5:45 A.M.  -  School begins
	       (one hour for lunch 11 to 12)

2 P.M. 	School Ends 

2:30 P.M.  Exercise and Drill 
   to
3:50 P.M.
4 P.M.   -  Mail Call.

4:45 P.M.  -  Supper Time
Transcibed by Anthony McFarlane 10/1/13
