Nagoya, Honshu
26 Nov. 1945

Dear Miss Thompson,

Early last week your letter of the 5[th] and the October issue of the SMN arrived. There hasn't been too much time in which to write, but now, right after supper, up in the office where it is quiet, tranquil, and the few scattered lights among the rubbles of the city end amidst the darkness of a limid night can be readily viewed from the huge office windows, I'm ensconced at my desk doing as always, the most important thing...last. 

Please do not think that I've been deliberately neglectful or that I have assumed a lackadaisical attitude in as far as Newark State and my friends are concerned. The truth of the matter is that after a wonderful year and a half at the University of Kentucky, I graduated from A.S.T.P. in November 1944 and commenced on a tour of service schools and camps all over the states. Finally, I wound up in the infantry. For the first time, my future seemed rather nebulous, and on the 24[th] of May 1945, I was on my way overseas. Manila, Luzon, Philippine Islands was my destination, and soon after my arrival, I joined the 25 Division as a replacement. We remained on Luzon until the latter part of September at which time we sailed for Japan as occupation troops. As you can see, we are in the cit[y] of Nagoya, Japan's third largest city, located on the southern end of the main island of Honshu. The 25[th] Division is occupying all of Nagoya and a large area surrounding the city. I'm in Division Headquarters and work on the third floor of a former insurance building, now the 25[th] Div. C.P. My living quarters, a hotel merely a block away from the C.P., is an equally nice place with its elevator service and all. The two buildings just mentioned are two of the few buildings that remained untouched by our B-29s.

My work is not only intensely interesting but also I'm certain it will prove to be of great value in future years. As you probably noticed from my address, I'm assigned to Division I&E (Information and Education) section in charge of USAFI (U.S. Armed Forces Institute) enrollments, and at present, am helping the regiments and other organic units of the 25[th] Division to establish the mandatory AEP (Army Education Program). Every unit of a 1000 men or more must have its own school. Everything from Auto-Mechanics to Calculus will be taught. 
Last Tuesday, right here at Division I&E, we started an instructors school. All officers and E.M.s that were selected to instruct in their particular unit schools were given a 24 hour course at our own facsimile of a Teachers College. Altogether I consumed five of those hours by lecturing two hours on Advisement & Scheduling, one hour on Teaching Methods, one hour on Supervision, and one hour on Accreditation. Believe me, never before did I prepare a lecture more punctiliously. You see, I was well aware of the fact that every man in the audience was a college graduate and some even had an M.A. or M.S. to their names. It was really a grand experience. Soon the unit schools will be functioning in full force, and my job will reduce to merely seeing that the proper reports reach our office and to go out with the inspection in order to make a periodical report on the unit schools.

This is all for now. I'm looking forward to paying you a visit either in Feb. or March of 1946.

I'll here from you again, I trust.

Yours, as always,

John

P.S. Please give my regards to Doc. Vaughn-Eames and the rest of the faculty.
