Weds

Dear Aunt Nancy,

I wondered why you had not answered my letter until about a week ago when I received the enclosed envelope with its explanatory notations I imagine that I was still listed as a specialist at Fort Dix and it took that `specialist group' down there two months to finally locate me in the rank and file  -  You will recall that I mentioned refusing the technical training course which was offered me at that time.

It seems that I chose the right road to success when I decided to remain with the `common people' rather than specialists. I was convinced that as a regular soldier with real down to earth training I would be more welcome as a candidate for officer training school and sure enough I am.

Last week I successfully passed the physical exam for O.C.S. (Officer Candidate School) and have all my papers in order. At the completion of my three months service (Nov 29[th] ) I will be listed for an oral interview with the board of examiners. Since I don't know any board examiners I can't take over, I shall expect an appointment to a school shortly thereafter.

I have waived my eye sight deficiency and have applied for active duty. The thought of a year or two behind a desk in an administrative job is rather appalling but my education & experience will probably decide everything so I can only hope for the best.

As you may have noted from the envelope heading, your nephew has even done well in the ranks. From buck private to corporal in one jump  -  all right, say it  -  I'm still a concerted so and so.

I don't know if I mentioned it or not, but I've done some organizing & entertainment work here. The first show I put on was requested of me about three days before it was to be given and two hours were all the rehearsing we could squeeze in  -  However, it went over with a bang. We had all the officers in the battalion in attendence + 150 enlisted men. I limited myself to organizing & rehearsing the show, writing the buildups and M.C.ing the show.

Later, while on a three day hike, I had to repeat operations on a larger scale. We gave two shows on two separate eveings and in two different towns (some hike, hey?). One show we gave in a ball park, fairly well-filled and the other in front of a town hall. I even met the mayor of one town and had a few drinks with him.

Now I'm on the fire again. I was asked to whip another show into shape for Thanksgiving Day. Fun is fun but I'm getting tired of having things dumped into my lap. You know what I mean. It's like having some lazy prof. walking in and saying `make me up a reference list on the sex life on a amaeba' (some spelling). You do the dirty work and he gets credited with `marvelous job'. Do they still use that phrase in the teaching `racket'?

By the way  -  if you have any short monologues or 5 to 10 minute comic skits on hand that you can send me, I would be eternally grateful.  -  I go mad for lack of material  -  In fact, if you would `shoot' it right out to me I could use it for next Thursday's show.

I am listed for a ten day furlough beginning Dec 29[th] so unless the date is changed for Army reason (it's been changed twice) I shall look in on you for a good old bull session.

You might give Miss Seager my new address, just in case her letter died in Fort Dix  - 

I promise not to ramble so much next time I write but I did have a lot of catching-up to do.

Affectionately,

Uldric
