                                                                 April 8, 1945
                                                     Myrtle Beach, S. Carolina
Dear Miss Thompson and Miss Lipeson:
	I hope you realize what deeply rooted and numbed emotions the "Service Men's News" reawakens. I hope you understand, but I'm sure you don't. Perhaps you feel something similar when one of us walks into the library after a long and adventurous absence. Yes, I think that would be about the reverse of the situation. I don't take this paper casually for granted. To me it is important because it brings back into perspective things, places, people, smells, atmospheres, the image of what seems long ago and sometimes even never. To have this whole flavor here, now, makes order out of chaos, gives meaning to the daily detailed small part we individually play. The perfect counterpoint of yesterday.
	I have wanted to write sooner and I don't know why I have not. Perhaps it is because I have not performed any splashing heroics. Perhaps it is because I haven't been able to write about any dazzling successes. Mine has been a kind of long, patient, drawn out, unsung-hero, behind the scenes kind of contribution to this huge war. I proudly flash my corporal stripes and faded good conduct medal as evidence of my talent and ability to succeed. There are no exotic lands and peoples that I have known first hand and think of as "valuable experience to be used in a lesson plan someday" because I have never left the United States of America. Perhaps this is why I haven't written sooner. If it is, it is not a very good reason.
	Now come bigger days. I am in the hospital. Suddenly the world is filled with sick people; with hernias, appendixes (?), deviated septums, and many more ailments with long, polished, accurate sounding names. My hospital-world is all concerned with being cut open, and stitched, and detained, and healed. I am in the surgical world.
	I came here voluntarily to take care of an ailment which has concerned me for quite some time. It requires only a minor operation to fix me. Unfortunately, I will never be able to enjoy describing the details of this adventure into the unknown. The area of my body which has been readjusted can hardly be mentioned in polite society. Even the nurses refer to me only in the most technical terms. 
	I will leave here even healthier than I planned when I came in. When I was being examined by the surgeon he noticed my enlarged left thumb. Perhaps you can recall my thumb trouble during my school days. When I told him the story he began to glow in his eyes. I could see him sharpening the scalpel. He then confessed  everything. He lost his honed professional air and behaved like a little boy. The surgeon is very unhappy in the army. All his life he has worked and studied to be a plastic surgeon but alas he is stationed at Myrtle Beach where there is no plastic surgery to do. He is very unhappy. He looked as me pleadingly, as if to say, "Please let me fix your thumb. This is my big chance. Plastic surgery at last!" Could I suppress such naïve, honest enthusiasm? I said, "Sure, Doc. Have a good time." My first operation is over, my thumb to go. I already know all the cracks in the ceiling.
	Myrtle Beach is a town in one of the tradition Southern States. It is a sea shore resort town. There are not many people who are native or who live here the year round. Perhaps you know the feel of a resort sea coast town in the winter. All the facilities for lounging, sunning, resting and playing are here but there are no people. There are hundreds of cottages with names like "Chip-Inn", "Casablanca." The wind has blown sand onto the porches, covered the first steps, but these signs of casual relaxation stand waiting for the sun to get warmer and the days to get longer. The waves keep lashing on the shore with no apparent concern for the presence or absence of people. Soon, hundreds of those who have worked, saved and dreamed plans all year will come to "get away from it all." A sudden short surge of ____ life and then the infinite sea again; and there's always poetry in the sea.
	My job in this post is quite interesting. I have enclosed the story I wrote for the Post paper which explains what I'm doing.
	I hope to be de-hospitalized and "home" on furlough in about a month. See you then.
	Ah discipline is just what I need.

Pal,
Bill
