                                                                         Kabis
                        Seal of the United States Navy
                                                      1298 Commonwealth Avenue
                                                        Allston, Massachusetts
                                                             November 10, 1942
Dear Miss Thompson,
Your letter was forwarded to us here after some delay.  We were both pleased with receiving a letter as well as the form card.  Walter would be writing this himself, but he just doesn't get a minute to himself.  He is at school from eight until five each weekday and until noon on Saturdays.  His evenings are entirely donated to studying --- or I should say cramming.
His duties will be in the Armed Guard Service.  That is the name given to the Navy gunners and officers aboard each Merchant Marine vessel that leaves port.  Their job is to see that supplies get through --- a pretty big job in this war.  As you might well imagine, he's completely satisfied with his assignment and finds all his studies extremely interesting.  He is happy as a lark since entering the service and, of course, I am very proud of him.
The only reason you didn't know about his intentions is that so few of the original applicants really are commissioned, he felt it would save a lot of embarrassment if he waited until he passed.  
Your news about those boys he knows, Dougherty, Kowalick, etc. was all very interesting to him.  As for Nick Fiore, we hear from him regularly.  We always have a warm spot for Nick for he was the one who first introduced us.  
I expect to stay with Walter as long as I possibly can for after he goes to sea it might be months at a time that I won't see him.  Our stay at the above address will be very short.  We expect to leave November 27[th] and after a few days at home, we'll leave for four weeks in Virginia where he will complete his training.  That will bring him up to about the first of the year when he'll be off to sea.  It all seems so short a time to be prepared for duty, but they are pushing them through fast.  
We will keep you posted on our address changes and we'd be awfully grateful if you would let us hear from you occasionally.  Please give our best regards to all our friends down there, and as for yourself, thanks again for your thoughtfulness.
                             			Sincerely yours,
                           				Kathleen and Walter
{Transcribed by Anthony McFarlane 10/18/13}
