WALTER S. BITTMAN 12205723

Feb 21, 1944

Pfc. Walter S. Rittman #12205723
(illegible) & (Illegible) Co., C.C.A.
A.P.O. #412, U.S. Army
Camp Chappin, Ark

My Dear Miss Thompson,

It just occurred to me that I have not written to my dear old Alma Mater in quite a while. So, without further ado, I took my pen in hand, and here I am.

I want to thank you for the wonderful Christmas card you sent me. It was sure appreciated, believe me. I wish you would thank the other members of the faculty who were thoughtful enough to send me a card. I wish I could write and thank each one of them individually, but time does not permit that.

I guess you've noticed by now that there is a slight change in my address. That's right, it's no longer Pvt., but Pfc from now on.

I received my copy of the Service Men's News last week. Believe me Miss Thompson, it sure made me feel good to receive it. I was quite surprised to note that quite a few of my college chums are stationed pretty close to me. I am referring in particular to those fellows stationed in Oklahoma and Texas. I have been contemplating on trying to see a few of them if I can ever get a three day pass. 

I'd like to make a correction to the article about me in the Service Men's News. You see, I don't drive the general's jeep as stated. It's true I drive the general around once in a while, but when I do, it's in a tank. The general doesn't use his tank to drive around in much however, I guess he finds it a little too comfy.

As for me, the army manages to keep me pretty busy bouncing around over the Arkansas countryside in my mechanized sardine can (I'm the only one who can call the tank that and get away with it). It's a lot of fun though, and I don't mind it a bit. If you remember, I always did say that when I get in the army I wanted to get into the Tank Corps.

Well Miss Thompson, I'd like to write more, but as the present time does not permit, so I'm afraid I'll have to close for now. I'm sorry I kept you waiting so long for a letter from me. I'll try not to let it happen again. So, until then I remain.

Sicnerely,

Walter S. Bitterman

P.S. Please give my regards to everybody.
