                                                             Walter Kabis (NT)
                                                                Flower Cottage
                                                    Ocean Front & Avenue A
                                                      Virginia Beach, Virginia
                                                                              
Dear Miss Thompson,

I have put off writing you until I had a little more news.  Also, I promised you our new address when we arrived in Virginia.

We were very pleased to hear from you again so soon and found your letter extremely interesting.

Walter's last week or so in Boston was unusually busy.  Every available minute was spent on cramming for their exams that took place on Thanksgiving Day.  They don't know their exact marks, but he feels sure that his were all right.  He received 4.0 on his notebook and so far as he knows only one other fellow got that mark --- which is the highest.  Their notebooks were marked very severely because they are to use them here in Virginia as textbooks.  You see, their job now is to train the crew that they will go to sea with.  So far the boys aren't too impressed with the looks of their crews --- they look as if its going to be a hard job teaching them to man the guns.

As you see your address, we are staying at Virginia Beach.  The conditions here are terrible, but it is the nearest place to the Naval Base so we haven't much choice.  The hotels and private homes are just packed with officers and wives and, being a summer resort, most of the places aren't heated.  Finally in desperation, another girl and I went to the U.S.O.  Much to our surprise they were only too glad to help us out and as a result we have beautiful rooms in this lovely big white ocean-front home.  We are completely set off from the rest of the house and have our own entrance so that we come and go as we please without disturbing anyone.  The two rooms are connecting with private baths and the other couple, whom we met in Boston, are just the finest companions we could hope to have.
It seems all the wealthy people on the beach have opened up their beautiful homes as their part in the war effort, but only rent through the U.S.O.
We expect to be at this address until January 2md, and then after short leave, Walter will get his ship assignment.  If it can be arranged, we'll try and get down during his leave.
{page break}
Please tell Bill Zweidinger that I certainly appreciate his kind offer, but I won't be in the market for a job awhile.  I was so pleased to have you ask me, and I do want you to know that I certainly am grateful.
Remember us to our many friends at N.T.C.  We appreciate so much their interest.
Sincerely yours,
Kay + Walter

                                                                              
