UNITED STATES ARMY

Nov. 27, 1943

Pvt. Walter S. Bittman #12205723
(Illegible) & (Illegible) Co., C.C.A.
16[th] Armored Division, U.S. Army
A.P.O. #412, Camp Chappen(sp?), Ark

Dear Miss Thompson,

This time I'm keeping my promise about writing to the college more often. I'm not such a good letter writer, but I hope I can manage to keep you from falling asleep before you get to the end of this letter.

When I arrived back at camp Wednesday morning, I had a very pleasant surprise waiting for me. Can you guess what it was? You can't? Well, I'll tell you, it was a copy of the Reflector(sp?), which had been transferred to me from my old address at Fort Knox.

It sure was good to get a copy of the Reflector again, it sure brought back memories of many happy days of the past. I just couldn't stop reading it until I had read every article from one end of the paper to the other.

 I received my copy of the Service Men's News, the day after I returned. That is really a wonderful paper, Miss Thompson, and I'm sure that every other service man from good old Newark State, enjoys receiving his copy as much as I enjoyed receiving mine. So, I say, "Thanks a million, and keep them coming."

Ok, before I forget it, enclosed you will find the insignia(sp?) I promised you. It's a wonderful insignia, and I'm mighty proud to wear it. In my opinion, the armored(sp?) command(sp?) is the best branch of the whole army. Can you blame me for thinking that way?

It sure was good to get back to the college and see all my friends from the faculty and student body again. I brought back many happy memories of my freshman year.
I walked into the auditorium and I could see in my minds eye Ralph at the piano and the entire cast of "College Daze" on the stage, just as they were the night the show was presented. What a show that was, wasn't it?

The same thing happened when I strolled into many then familiar places like the library, the cafeteria, the gym, and of course the wood and metal shops. I want you to know that I really enjoyed coming back to the college. 

Well Miss Thompson, it's plenty late, so I had better close for now.

Sincerely,

Walter S. Bittman


