Service Men's News 

June 1943
Ensign Walter Kabis (1936) is convoying merchant ships across the Atlantic, with plenty of accompanying drama which he will not be able to talk till after it is all over.
November 1943
In a breakdown of where each of the soldiers was stationed Walter Kabis is listed as being in `Unspecified Territory'
January 1944
That popular young couple, Kay and Walter Kabis (1936) had lunch at the college last month but left Walter, Jr., at home with his grandmother, much to our disappointment.  Ensign Kabis has been overseas several times, in the line of duty, and has had little chance, so far, to become acquainted with his small son.  
April 1944
Lt. and Mrs. Kabis (1936) with young Walter arrived at the college one afternoon last month on a three-point mission,-the introduction of Walter Junior, to his future Alma Mater, the official report of the promotion accorded Walter, Senior, and the re-union of the latter with classmate, 1[st]. Lt. Ray Kawalick, who is stationed in the New York office of the Eastern Procurement District of the Army Air Corps.  Ray sprung his own little surprise by mentioning diffidently that he had just married the girl from home that we have been hearing about, and they had taken an apartment in East Orange.  All in all, it was a very emotional afternoon!
June 1944
Lt. j.g. Walter Kabis (1936) and family are at Miami, where Walter is stationed for special training, at the Sub-Chaser School there.
September 1944
Apparently the Navy is considering Lt. Walter Kabis (1936) for an admiral at the very least, judging by the varied training he has been absorbing in all parts of the continent.  From the base at Miami Beach, he has recently been transferred to Ohio University, Columbus, Ohio, here he is assigned for Recognition courses.


February 1946
Lt. Walter Kabis (1936) has returned to civilian status, from three years of hairbreath escapes and dangerous living that would turn Superman's hair white, overnight.  He is living in Irvington and teaching in Millburn High School.


Below are Nancy Thompson's envelope of clippings corresponding to Walter Kabis  -  Her clippings from the service men's news seem to be in chronological order but that can't be verified because we don't seem to have every servicemen's news.  I will skip clippings that are represented above.

Walter Kabis (1936) also an Ensign, has completed his training with the navy in Virginia and will be assigned "somewhere in the Atlantic."

Walter and Kathleen Kabis were in the other day, looking absolutely on top of the world.  You remember Kathleen, don't you?  She was Kathleen O'Connor, Miss Kain's secretary.  Walter is an Ensign, now, and is all set for duty.
Ensign and Mrs. Kabis (1936) have a small and lively addition to the family.  Congratulations to them both.
Lt. Walter Kabis (1936) is on sea duty with the Pacific Fleet.
Lt. j.g. Walter Kabis (1936) has received a promotion to Lt. senior grade.  He is with the Pacific Command.
Lt. j.g. Walter Kabis (1936) and family are at Miami, where Walter is stationed for special training, at the Sub-Chaser School there.




Transcribed by Anthony McFarlane 10/11/13
