No.________00598
Seal / Stamp of the Navy Censor
{Center Justification}
Miss Nancy Thompson, Librarian
State Teachers College
Newark
New Jersey  U.S.A.
{Right Justification}
W.L. Kabis, Ens.,USNR
SENDERS NAME
U.S. Naval Armed Guard
SENDERS ADDRESS
s/s S.M. Babcock (WSA)
Fleet Post Office, N.Y. 
DATE

                                                       Tuesday, December 21...
Dear Miss Thompson,
Primarily this is a "Bread and Butter" letter to you and the organization at the College who so cordially treated Kathleen and me to lunch on our last visit down there.  It's difficult to describe the warm feeling I experianced in being so roundly welcomed... of course, I realize that Kathleen has a great deal to do with the spirit that was shown and I don't blame you a bit... she is wonderful!  But we did have an unusually good time with all of you and are looking forward to the next time (not too far off, I hope), when we'll show off little Walty.  By that time the preponderance of females shouldn't have too bad an effect on him!
This week... note the date.. isn't going to be an exceptionally joyous one for this old salt (well, at least I don't get seasick anymore!) who left all that means anything to him some few thousand miles away.  We are permitted to say "Someplace in England"and I, as censor (!) might add, the place where the natives say "Oh, this isn't England, it's xxxxx!".  But, no matter where, anyplace but home is no place spend Christmas and I catch myself dreaming every now and then about Kathleen and Walty surrounded by all the little things which make home what it is.  Still, I'm not complaining.... there are thousands of boys in many much worse places, aren't there.  Perhaps, and we so sincerely hope, next Christmas will be different... in a better way!
We hit some exceptionally dark clouds on our way over this time and had put into a Newfoundland port for repairs.  There was a silver lining, though... I found the town and it' people quite different from anything visited before and enjoyed the visit thoroughly.  My only complaint was that it didn't last long enough for me to see everything.  
With another "thank-you" then, I'll say so long... and may your Christmas be happy and your new year bright!
                                 				As ever,
                                  				Walter 
                                       
{Transcribed by Anthony McFarlane 10/18/13}
