July 4, 1945
Savannah, Georgia

Dear Miss Thompson;

I have just returned from a furlough. I found your letter waiting for me. I wanted to see you during my furlough but I became involved in the most soul shaking emotional experience I have ever known. I just couldn't face visiting the college and playing the part of the successful "product." Now that I have your letter, I realize how much I should have seen you.

It is difficult to tell. Perhaps one can't be told. There was earth shaking and an empty hallowing which I had never known nor had ever imagined. I was lost in infinite space and in eternal time. It was now, and never, and always and I couldn't fit in. It was hostile, crude, cheap, rotten. The blur of unknown faces all going somewhere but I couldn't feel that there was somewhere to go. Trains through the night, people going, going, going nowhere. It was here, now rushing about me, but the earth shook and the bottom crumpled. I couldn't belong. There were things, things, things. What shall we do? Where shall we go? What shall we buy? What do we want? Who shall see now? There is a place, now. There are people, not here  -  there and there but not here  -  here is a place I should see, should see. I'm alone, now at a place that, I can't understand why, I should see. Why should I go and come, go and come and see? Alone. Where can I stay? Where do I belong and with whom? Not alone. Not alone. There are so many so far from home. Where is home? Not alone. Not alone.

My furlough wasn't much fun. Not much fun but the deepest and most frightening emotional experience I've ever known. I found myself in an Army hospital, trembling and clinging and afraid and insecure and lost. They kept me doped up for a couple of days and let me sit and gaze at the Statue of Liberty and the boats in New York harbor. The Queen Mary came with fourteen thousand guys from Europe and there was a lump in my throat. They let me sit and gaze and calm down. They said I had a slight nervous breakdown. So, that's a nervous breakdown! They recommend that I return to my post and see a psychiatrist. I am back and will see him later this week. I am steady and getting surer. Now I want to find out. I never again want to face such an intangible storm. 

To grow, to develop, to be sensitive, to be conscious. This, to me, was a way of life. Now, I wonder. I wonder if sensitive, developed, people can survive in all the selfish madness of the would. They teach you to be good, loyal, honest, to have integrity, to be conscientious, to work hard and you will win sweet drooling romantic love and the good life. The heroine is always resisting the efforts of the successful business man because, she says, he is stodgy and besides, she says, she is in love with some sweet slobbering dumbbell. He has a dreamy look in his eye. It's a rotten trick and a dirty lie to teach such bliss. People are frightened and alone. They lean and cling to one another. They are scared, unsure, unsafe. They want so much what they have been taught to want. There are big ideas but today, tomorrow is a wild scramble. They are frightened and they cling. They drink, and prowl, and pervert their desires. They develop satificial pomp, self righteousness, egos. They hate and kill and huddle. They lash out wildly in their frustrations. 

I am not ashamed. I have been frightened to my very nerve ends. I was ashamed but not now. I am not tough. I have always trained myself to be the opposite of tough. Maybe it is not too late. Maybe I can still get tough. I need reassuring. I want to huddle and cling. I want love and babies and my own little world. 

That was my furlough. No splashing adventure that can be nicely reported in the Service Men's News, but perhaps, I have, as you say, extracted some real experience from it. I think I have the discipline you always said I need.

Mr. French's death is a tragedy to all of us. He was one of the people who gave the college its real personality.

If and when there is another furlough, I am going to make certain that I see you. You make sure that you are there.

Bill

New address:
Cpl. William Cotton 32570214
310[th] A.A.F. Comm. Det.
Squadron "A"
Chatham Field
Savannah, Georgia 
