May 8, 1943

Dear Miss Thompson  -  

Thanks for your swell letter of recommendation and for getting one from Mr. Hatch and for cooperating in being so prompt and thanks!! I have turned my application in and hope more than ever now that I will qualify for the cadet training. You see, I've learned a good deal about airplanes and air fields in the last two weeks and now it all appears really fascinating.

As you can see by the address I am at gunnery school in Fort Meyers, Florida. Just like the Army, Chicago for the winter and Florida for the summer. This is the first time I've been at a real Army camp. There is nothing but sand, but sun, wooden barracks, and the dull monotonous drone of planes overhead all day long. This camp has driven home with full reality, the grim lonesome, emptiness, which must be with the men up front who have been doing the dirty work. I guess the war was always surrounded with a haze of romance in cultural, swanky, Chicago. I understand a little better now and I'm deeply impressed. These are great guys in Africa, and Australia and Iceland and Russia and China and anywhere men are fighting for a healthy world. I must admit that my first two days down here were days of terrific adjustment. I felt a little ashamed but now I feel proud in a way. I got over it and I'm glad to see that I could. If it ever happens again I'll know that all I have to do is bide my time for a day or two and I'll come out all right and that's something I've learned and it makes me more of a soldier.

I will be here for six more weeks and during that time I will learn all about guns. Ground targets, clay pigeon targets, moving target moving gun and finally flying target and gun. We will fly in our sixth week and of course that will be the climax of all these big excitements. When I graduate, I will get wings, a sergeant rating, and extra(sp?) pay for flying. After that its up to fate again. Applying for cadets at least gives one the satisfaction of feeling some control over your career and if I make it that's where I'll be. If I don't it will probably be over the sea for long and won't that be something. A few months in the Army and more big things happen than in years of normal civilian life.

Bill

P.S. The magnolisas(sp?)!! That makes all my senses quiver!! Ran into Jack Lukas in Chi. Civilian instructor for Navy school. "   " Larry Linkav(sp?) in Chi. Was starting radio school when I left. "  " Joe Solish in Chi. Was shipping out when I met him.
