ARMY AIR FORCES TECHNICAL SCHOOLS
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS

April 14, 1943

Dear Miss Thompson,

Last Saturday, for the fourth time in my life they handed me a diploma. This time a band played, a flag waved, an officer made a speech and it was a uniform and not a cap and gown. I've spent 18 weeks becoming a soldier and learning about media communication in the Air Corps. I'm now waiting to be shipped. Don't know when. Don't know where. Don't know what I'll be doing when I get to I don't know where. This waiting is a little monotonous but a good vacation after eighteen weeks of hard work. Now, I'm strictly GI.

I've been thinking about the future a little bit and want to ask for a little help from you. I don't know what kind of a job I'll be getting into when I leave here. Maybe it will be something I like or maybe it will be something I'm not very interested in. In case it turns out to be the latter I want to apply for Aviation Cadets and become either a pilot, navigator, or bombardier. Darned if I want to sit in a control tower and pound out "dit dak's"(sp?) all day long. To apply for Cadets I need a letter of recommendation. If there is anything nice you can say about me and you are willing to put it down on paper and sign your name to it, it will be appreciated. The age limit for cadets is 2-(number cut out). I will be that in June. I can just about make it if I work quickly and smoothly. Cooperate!

Well, time goes on and the war is still to be won. I'm taking the next step soon and am getting more, and more in it. Civilian life and school days seem so far away.

Last Saturday Fletch was discharged from the Army. He was over thirty eight and his papers came through. All the guys liked Fletch, he was a swell guy. The fellows really don't want to leave. Not until the war is over, but seeing Fletch go gave us a strange feeling. He had been through this whole business with us and now he was going back. Flashes of past civilian things hurtled through our minds. Now he's gone and we've about forgotten. He's no longer one of us and we have so much in common. That's how it is in the Army. You make friends easy and when the time comes you forget past.

Please write soon. I'd love to hear from you and I do need that letter.

Bill

P.S. Write to this address and if I leave your letter will follow me.
