ARMY AIR FORCES TECHNICAL SCHOOLS
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS

February 9, 1942

Hello  -  

If Miss Lipson and you were so elated over what I described in my last letter, you'll probably be ecstatic when I describe the doings of our new General. Name is Sneed. Has been moving things around ever since he came. He fixed it so that we are kept moving 16 hours a day. That leaves a scant 8 hours for sleep. I'm sure I'll never get over this. Things are rough but I'm sure its probably good for us and the winning of the war. How's that! I can just see you two rocking with joy!!

The other day they looked over my 1A transfer for the sixth. This time they really looked into the details. The rigid inspection was for the purpose of finding if I could survive the rigors of "Gunners School". You see, the radio operator member of a bombing crew doesn't sit and send messages when the ship meets up with the enemy. He gets up and handles a gun. I discovered that I had too much wax in my ears but outside of that I have deteriorated none. Passed the exam OK and so my future might be something like this:
   9 more weeks of this radio school, 5 weeks at Gunners School, Staff Sergeants rating, Flying pau ($144 per month), Wings, A few months at air bases in the U.S. to get experience, And then anything!!
   
All this sounds pretty good to me but it doesn't mean I will necessarily follow this (word illegible). It does mean I am eligible if the "Brass Minds" decide they want me there. There are other possibilities for me that may supplant this. I am telling you about this Gunners business because it happened two days ago. Don't go counting on it, cause I'm not. You get so you don't count on anything in this Army until it happens.

I have learned to like Chicago very much. Two Sundays ago there was a wonderful concert lined up at the Civic Opera House. The Minneapolis Symphony, Mitsopoulis(sp?) conducting, szigete(sp?) playing the Brahn's(sp?) Violin concerts. I decided to go. Hadn't heard any good music since I got into this war and figured it would do me a lot of good. I scooted all over town trying to get a ticket at one of the USOs, Service Centers, and box office, but no soap. By this time I was determined to get into this thing at any cost. Fifteen minutes before concert time I got into a long box office line. When I finally reached the window, I threw down a $10 bill and said to the guy back there "Gimme the best seat in the house," He threw one ticket back at me and said, "There it is and its for free. That's cause you're a soldier." All the people around me who heard, smiled warmly. I guess it made them all feel good and of course I did too. Heifey(sp?) will be here this Sunday. Wonder if I can work the same guy.

-Bill
