                         [U.S. Army Air forces Logo]
                                       
                                       
                                       
                                                                 Jan. 21, 1944
                        				     					almost a month 
                             									since Xmas!
                                       
                                       
                                       
                                       
Dear Miss Thompson,

	Here I am again with some more of that Texas drawl- on second thought I wont- it gets quite corny after a while, doesn't it! Just good old Newark State lingo will have to do for now- mind?

	Things surely have been popping since we returned in December from our furlough. Yeah man, they've been popping- we' ve been on the griddle. A new C.O is the instigator of all our troubles. He was formerly a C.O. in basic training here at the filed and I reckon he hasn't gotten over it yet. He makes us have a weekly inspection for personal, foot locker, and shoes. Isn't that a riot!! Our officers are on the warpath about him, but they treat us real nicely about the whole affair. Take my advice, Miss Thompson- don't ever join the army, at least not the Air Corps.

	Our first ship-of 30-was to leave Jan 20- yesterday: Today it is still in its [illegible]- not even a hint of its leaving before March! That `s the latest rumor! Look in the February issue of "Popular Science"  -  you'll find an article on our gliders in that issue. We've just completed the installation of 2 new emergency exit doors for the pilot and copilot  -  if they're lucky! That just about completes our ship again- till some new tech order comes out and we have a change to make. That was the fourth change we've had since we had the ship "finalized" some time ago.

	 The greatest problem we've ever come across-at least myself- is the problem of looking extremely interested and busy when there is just about nothing left to do without drawing anyone's attention to our idleness! Perhaps you can find a solution for me- you seem quite successful in your work  -  do you have a solution?

	I came across this article a few days, weeks, or what -have- you ago;- thought you might be interested or at least get a giggle from it. We northern boys almost died when we found it- isn't it a killer? I'd like you to show it to Mr. Hutchinson if you see him- I'd love to hear what he has to say about it.

	If you find time to answer this, I'd be glad to answer any question you might ask.

	Did I give you my picture, Miss Thompson? If I didn't, let me know and I'll send some of the latest for your scrap-book  -  ((ouch) honest Miss T, I didn't mean "scrapbook".)
                                                                   Sincerely, 
                                                                 Bill Peterson
                                                                Class of `44


