Nov. 26, 1943

Dear Miss Thompson,

Do you know that the college becomes a better and better friend as time goes by? I suppose I feel sentimentally nostalgic right now cause I just finished the Service Men's News, but I realize what a swell friend I have there every time I read the paper and especially when I was on furlough.  -  Gosh! That probably sounds like some silly girl writing fan letter to someone like Sinatra.  -  I think you're wonderful and I feel like telling you! So there, now you know!!

I haven't caused any sensations since I visited you unless, maybe, there is a sort of glamour about the long, drawn out, patient waiting involved in grounding a radio frequency, just so that it will be there if and when the time comes. Our station is mobile, being located in a truck, but for a long time now we haven't even budged. This amazing equipment can do wonders but its real value and meaning will only make sense some day in combat.

The biggest success and most direct recognition of my life came last week when I was made a corporal. In spite of my weak and undisciplined character, which you have so often pointed out and reprimanded, I have muddled through to win the euphonious title of Corporal Cotton  -  and that's not all  -  I now can wear the "good conduct ribbon." Now when I visit you, you'll have no cause to fold your arms, tap your foot and demand "why"  -  but you'll think of something else, no doubt.

I still go limp when there is something to be done on a stage and I've become deeply involved. Dr. Kildare's sweetheart, and Mr. Lucky's sweetheart, Lorraine Day, had the field buzzing last week. We worked during all sorts of hours to put together a very funny show. She said, "Hello, God bless you" and signed all the autographs (power of the movies). Sang in Glee Club Thanksgiving broadcast. Will be in soldier show which will precede the film "This is the Army" on expensive premier night in Tampa. Well  -  I'm not as funny as Bob Hope and I don't have legs like Betty Grable but I've made GIs laugh and that makes me feel happy.

The weather is gorgeous here now and I can understand why people come to Florida on purpose. This is the first time I've ever missed winter in my life and sometimes the idea shocks me a little. I think I like this balmy weather even though all the guys are "Dreaming of a White Xmas" again.

The war seems to be heading for victory but of course there's no way of telling when. It will be the greatest of days some day when  -  

Bill

P.S. Say "Hello" to those I know. Been corresponding with very swell Sylvia Weber(sp?). Say "Hello" to her too.
