                                                  												Wednesday - 11th
Dear Miss Thompson,

	Your V mail of ? date arrived a couple days ago and the Service Men - News for July came yesterday.

	I was quite shocked to hear of Ralph's death, but while I now he had been sick for some time I had no idea he was as bad off as that. I spent 5 months in hospitals with that same thing, but was fortunate enough to come out with only memories. While I would like to write Ralph's parents, I do not have their address as you can see by the enclosed Vmail you wrote. The red [Illegible] absorbed the writing and - kaput! If I write to them and address it to you I fell sure you will forward it.

	Some of us at school have met former students on different occasions at the school and fell as if we had known them as classmates. This is the way I feel about Pete Cummins. I'd met him only once, but he impressed me very [Illegible] - hence, your loss is mine. 

	[Illegible] French was always one of us boys and we liked him very much. Somehow it doesn't seem right to lose one of our faculty that way, but I guess there was greater need for him "elsewhere." I'm sure all of us feel the permanent loss of all three of these connected with Newark State.

	In the 2 years plus that I've been away from old N.S.T.C. I have received a few copies of the S.M.N. and if I haven't already, I wish to thank you now for sending them. If they came out every week it would be better - but only for us who receive them. I realize how much work is attached to composing and distributing them and the difficulties you have these days in actually producing them. They are swell - and we who get them really do appreciate them.

	Now, Miss. Thompson, I think [Illegible] should straighten something out that is either a case of misinterpretation or a case of misstatement (you spell it!). I may never see you again, but knowing it is wrong and I want it corrected.

	Whether you ever think of me or not doesn't affect me in the least, but when, as has happened, people say, "Write, write, write," and one does write and gets no answer, one does not continue to write again - or does one? I have written several members of the faculty at several time and as far as I can remember, I have received one card from Mrs. Denny and 2 Vmail letters from you. Joe Phillips writes me occasionally as does [Illegible] Sasson. Now, Miss Thompson, who are these others who are writing me? I do appreciate their efforts, but their efforts are not achieving the intended results. Entirely my loss. Please do not think I am angry as I have no intention in this [Illegible] to create a feeling of anger or reproach. If you paragraph in the SMN was intended to stir me up, it certainly has, but not to the point where I feel animosity. Ian merely trying to straighten out one point that I think has been- shall we say misconstrued by one or both of us. Do I make myself clear?

	As you say, I shall have patience. Only in May did the last of my Xmas presents arrive - 7 months after the postmark was stamped on the package. "Where there's life" - you know. I feel that I have enlightened you as far as the article in the paper goes. Yes?

	Up'til VE - day we were very busy over here with "routine duties." For most of these thing we did we were awarded six battle stars ( the outfit as a whole.) I was in the hospital during the period which brought stars for each invasion - Normandy, Southern France and Holland.

	 The biggest thrill I've had was prior to our Rhine mission - the last of our combat days. We all knew how much depended on the success of this - possibly the final one of the war. Intelligence in every outfit `busted' like it never "busted" before. I doubt if I'll ever forget it, Miss Thompson, and so I don't, I managed to get "souvenir" maps of the drop zone and all the info we passed on to the men. It should be interesting to give a demonstration briefing for those of you who were lucky enough not to be here. ( See, I do have hopes of getting home someday.)


	I read where Ackerman's outfit has "done well for itself." We haven't done bad either. Pardon me if I brag. We've won 6 stars, a Pres. Unit Citation, Bronze Star Medals, and nonchalantly I add, Air Medals, Distinguished Flying Medals and Purple Hearts. Clusters to each of these are galore. My squadron has been one of the luckiest in the group, but we too have had our share of funeral services.

	
Five of our men left today for the States and discharges. Each has in the neighborhood of 114 pts. I'll send you my points and you can buy a small hamburger for me.

	Since "the end" we have been doing of lot of nothing - from K.P. and digging - we"ll call them "holes" to having organized classes of study in various subjects.

We haven't been notified officially as yet, but we smell something bad everytime we hear the word "occupation."

	Old Newark State means a lot to me, but right now my mess kit hanging on a nail in the wall is starting to swing back and forth - that's how I know it's chore time, so I'll shut - up again and write another time.

	(At the end of page 6 he says.) I find difficulty in trying to write a letter that gives information - so if you have any doubts, uncertainties, suspicions or questions just fire them at me - I'm all ears. (Don't say it.) Does this bring me up to date? Toodle - do. My best wishes to all at N.S.										Bill Peterson
