58[th] College Training Detachment (Air Crew)
U.S. Army Air Forces
Massachusetts State College
Amherst, Massachusetts

November 4, 1943

Dear Miss Thompson,

It's about time I wrote to you (alright you needn't yell). Really though I have been kept fairly busy up here  -  I sneezed the other day in class and missed two years of algebra  -  darn it!

Enclosed you will find a clipping I imagine will interest Miss Brooks  -  give it to her with my regards will you please!

The contrast between the civilian and military here on the campus is really interesting, at times amusing, and at times nostalgic. "We" have a bell tower with chimes and everything. The other evening during parade the chimes began to play almost immediately the post band started the retreat music  -  the contrast was amazing  -  on one hand the quiet beauty of the chimes and on the other the stirring notes of the bugle. It seemed to be almost symbolic of the contrast between war and peace  -  it certainly gave me food for thought.

You would be really amused at some of our professors  -  they have been recruited from every dept on the campus thus you see a peace-time professor of forestry teaching meteorology and a botany professor teaching physics  -  it is really amusing to see them try so hard not to let their pet subjects entrude too much into their new subjects  -  at times they just let go and what a time we have then!

I thought you might like to hear my impression of the library  -  frankly I don't think very much of it, about 90% (and I'm not lying) of the books are over 20 or 30 years old. The whole place could do with a "Monay(sp?) T. Clean up week." The cobwebs (educationally speaking) are as thick as they could possibly be. The fiction section, like most colleges  -  Newark not excepted, is practically non-existent. Most of the reference material is poorly chosen  -  in my humble opinion. They use the usual cataloguing system but certainly have some queer ideas as to classification. I tried to look up the, "Economic Geography of South America", the other day  -  they had it but it was classified under Politics  -  Economic  -  explain that if you can.

Well enough is enough and if I write any more I'm liable to overstrain your eyes.

Sincerely

Bill Harrell
