January 17, 1943

Dear Miss Thompson,

Tempus sure do fugit away! Been going to school in Chicago for six weeks and have learned a great deal about radio. We work hard, the hours are long and the life is restricted and interesting. My schedule goes this way:

   7:00 A.M. Reville, Wash, Dress, Etc.
   7:30 A.M. "Chow"
   8:00 A.M. Clean room and I do mean clean. When our room is clean we have some free time that is if one of a million irregular details doesn't turn up. It almost always does. Stand in line to turn in laundry, stand in line to take out laundry, stand in line to sign up for passes, stand in line for the famous Army "shots." (injections) etc.
   10:00 A.M. Fall into march to the Chicago Coliseum.
   (Do not confuse with the Greek, or was it the Roman) It is over a mile from our hotel. We have a class there in Morse Code.
   10:30A A.M. Class. The most routine monotonous stuff I have ever done. For 3 (1/2) hours each day we listen to earphones and write. The idea is to see how many weeks we can do this without going "Code happy." A machine at a remote place sends the signals. Di dah dit, di di dah dit, di dah di dit. It's merciless. Despite all this I have managed to be top man in my class. I can now receive 20, 5 letter words per minute. That adds up to 100 letters per minute or almost two per second. Fast isn't it.
   1:00 P.M. Class over. March back to hotel.
   2:00 P.M. "Chow"
   2:45 P.M. March to drill field. This is Grant Field on the shore of Lake Michigan. We do calisthenics and march and do double time in all sorts of freezing, raining, snowing; well you know how the postman thing goes. Really getting rugged, though.
   4:00 P.M. Back at hotel. Supposed to have free time but that detail stuff usually turns up again. (see 8:00am).
   5:30 P.M. March to radio theory class at the Stevens Hotel. Only 2 blocks away.
   6:00 P.M. Class. Radio theory. The most fascinating stuff I've ever studied. Know how a radio works and even how a transmitter works. Used to think this was magic and now that I know about it I still think its magic. Has to do with electrons and so our studies takes us into the basics of matter and things. Has to do with the ionosphere and so our studies takes us into the nature of space and almost intimate with God. Doing well here too. My test marks have ranged between 90 & 100. 
   9:30 P.M. Back at Hotel. "Chow."
   10:00 P.M. Freedom. For one hour.
   11:00 P.M. Lights out.
   
   I hope this doesn't sound like I'm complaining. If it does, why, I'm just kidding. Sometimes this business of being a soldier is a little lonesome and sometimes it's a little tough but its all OK with me. I feel we're fighting for something real this time and until we get it I don't want to be a civilian, anymore. There can be nothing decent in this world until we've won and won right. They asked me to do some of the rough work and so its O.K. with me. I'll do as much as I can.
   
   Bill
   P.S. Tell the school "Thanks for the Xmas present." Please write.  -  Tell Miss Lipson "Hello,"  -  Sure am getting disciplined.
