20 April 1944

Dear Miss Thompson,

Well your slightly irregular correspondent is back again  -  not much to say except that I've finished Pre-Flight and am awaiting shipment to either Advanced or Gunnery although we may go to a pool until there is room for us at Advanced or Gunnery.

Now that it's over I sort of miss the rigrous (spelling?) schedule. Pre-Flight has left me with a host of memories of cross-country runs, obstacle course, field days, chemical warfare at night with the wild beauty of incendiaries exploding, the classes, code, squadron meetings, that really were (illegible), Cadet clubs, horseback riding, the graduation ball, guard duty, and lots of others, some pleasant some not so pleasant but all chock-ful of interest.

I received the Service Men's News today  -  "anfor" the first time I read the editorial  -  who the hell is this Dix man? To be perfectly frank I couldn't make much sense out of his editorial  -  frankly I thought it a bit too blazo  -  Not that the thought behind it and the thoughts for the future weren't good and also accurate but the thoughts for the present weren't exactly what I had imagined the colleges of this country were trying to do. Perhaps that is a reason the ASTP was dropped to such on extent. In the first place I can't possibly agree with his opening statement that "technical skills are merely tools for carrying out purposes which usually represent life needs," if he means the same thing I do by "technical skills" then one of us is odd the beam. I believe that technical skill incompass a great deal more than the means to an end than he hints they are. To me they represent a mode of living and actually being for surpassing that, a method of social living itself a composite pile of all men's thoughts reduced to physical being.

Then this item about the war being waged between systems of "social living" is that what we are fighting for, or is it something else. Could it be a fight between men's social environment? their education and religious. Or are our thoughts both the same thing in so many different words?

Now we come to the part I flatly refuse to agree with  -  in fact my whole attitude towards the war is contained in it. Mr. Dix says, "As individuals we must be as efficiently disciplined as our enemies." I say that as far as the war is concerned that our great advantage lies in the fact that within the framework of the Army the individual remains an individual but must practice self-disciple with a sense of cooperation with/for the group he is fighting with (that is all balled up). What I want to say is that our Army is comprised of individuals while our enemies is comprised of groups who have lost its primary individual thought. Our boys submit to disciple not because they want too, but because they themselves see the need for it. Once they fail to see the need for it the war will have to end. I for one don't believe they will stay "seeing" until Hitler and Tojo are dead. There are some elements in our government that are and will try to keep the boys from "seeing" for a considerable time after the war  -  all I can say for them is "watch out". To tell the absolute truth there isn't too much difference Dixie and I but somehow he offends the "military senses" (I showed the editorial to several of the gang and there thoughts are somewhat similar to mine. Whew! I don't know what made me do it but I had to write the above disertation. Tell Dixie to be more careful or I'm lible to write a book. God help us all in that event.

Tell me what does the local clique have to say about the war?

Well now that I have gotten that off my chest I have to ask you censor this letter and to keep it in your private file, or destroy it. I don't want it published because I may change my mind on some of point. After all I haven't seen combat as yet and they say that changes a lot of things. Not too much I hope.

Sincerely

Bill Harrell
