Pvt. WM. Menwig # 12204970
51[st] TG Sq 514
Class 186
Kessler Field, Miss
                            Seal of the Air Corps
                          Air Corps Technical School
                          Keesler Field, Mississippi
                                       
                                                                       7/12/43
Dear Mr. Hutchinson,
	Well, first of all how are you?  Are you taking it nice and easy or are you working hard at N.S.T.C.  I hope you will be in shape for those on rushing Sept. classes.
	As you can see I'm in Mississippi in the Air Corps.  I'm down here for my basic training, which ends about August 18[th].  The camp is very nice; however the heat and humidity down here is awful.  Everyone walks around continually soaked with perspiration.  We have marching, drilling calisthenics, lecture, and pictures every day.  Kitchen Police is an honor given to us once a week.  
	Mr. Hutchinson, one of the reasons I wrote this to you was because I wanted to get some information from you.  As most of the fellows from our school, I have qualified for A.S.T.P.  I'm supposed to go to Alabama U. to take a test at a STAR unit.  There is one thing bothering most fellows though.  They were told that if they pass the test and are expected for A.S.T.P., they will be asked to sign up for 5 yrs. instead of the duration plus 6 mo.  The lieutenant here said we in for the duration plus 6 months; however reports are coming back that fellows have been asked to sign for five years.  Can you tell me if this is true or not.  
	It may be that only the fellows in the language division are asked to sign.  I believe most of us will be assigned to the engineering division.  Can you get some information from Colonel Baldwin or do you have some on hand telling whether we will have to sign for 5 yrs. or not?  I received a second classification as a Link Trainer Instructor; Therefore I would turn down A.S.T.P. for this position, if I had to sign for 5 yrs.  
	When I receive your answer I will write again, describing more fully what we do.  Thank you very much for you trouble and information.  
fraternally 
Bill Menweg
Transcribed by Anthony McFarlane 10/4/13
	
	
	
