UNITED STATES ARMY
AIR FORCES

16 September 1944

Dear Miss Thompson,

No news is supposed to be good news so I don't have much to say about myself  -  working hard and praying I'll make it  -  only 6 more weeks to go!

I enjoyed the last Service Men's letter very much  -  Dixie is getting a little bit more on the ball. The tribute to Walt was very fitting  -  thank God you didn't harp on it. It may seem hard and unreal but once something like this is over with the boy like to forget it. It doesn't help us to remember that but for the hand of the Almighty it might be us.

The coming election is proving very interesting  -  I am having a devil of a time trying to make up my minf  -  one day one looks good then the next the other seems best. If only F.D.R. would come out in the open  -  his advisors are greatly mistrusted by the service folk generally.

Dixie's idea for post war planning seems alright, what he has to say  -  but! It's for civilians  -  can't that man remember that it is the service folk that is/are/will be the post war problem  -  all else must wait. It seems to me that the colleges would do well to adopt the Army style of teaching ex soldiers  -  it is a system they understand and would help them to adjust to civilian life. All the boys I have met that intend to go in for further "thinking" after the war is over have a precise and definate idea of what they want and where they want to get it and a great many colleges are simply going to have to give it to them especially those that are state supported. One idea I had/have is a series of college-credit courses designed to help the serviceman by telling him what happened in the U.S.A. while he was away  -  economically, politically, etc. Such an exchange of ideas between the G.I.s and the folks back home would do a great deal toward a mutual understanding I'll be perfectly frank with you  -  when I left N.J.S.T.C. it was probably the present college to undertake such a task as then existed  -  from a staff viewpoint  -  there were too many old fogies and too many (illegible)  -  it seems that some of that is changing I hope for the better. Some of you could do a bang-up job at it but not all. These are harsh word but I do believe they are a true indictment, a a challenge too. N.J.S.T.C. is well located for this tool and has some of the necessary equipment and could easily get the rest. What the college does need is a good up-and-gotten publicity agent. Not a public-relations gentleman. That is worthy but a drummed up word for copy boy. N.J.S.T.C. could use a good revamp job on its curriculum. Too much waste and not enough meat, an addition of a good course in air relationships, air travel, air-mindedness in general  -  not just talk about it. I keep thinking what a fine job Hutch could do if he had a little more backbore  -  or do I underestimate the man?

This, then is what I recommend the post-war college do. (in outline)

  1. Adapt Army-methods for quick specific technical knowledge for ex-service men who know what they want.
  2. Adopt  a program of some sort to bridge the gap between G.I.s and civilians.
  3. Substitute a program of active air mindedness
  4. Substitute courses in politics and government
  5. Institute a balanced physical training program to help build and retain physical fitness.
  6. Last but far from least  -  (illegible) up and line  -  be a part of the community not a addition or after-thought of it.
What a lot of talk  -  does it make sense? Perhaps you would be interested in my own post-war plan  -  every G.I. has one. Here is mine (confidential of course)
  1. A good job with a definite future in it, paying not less than 1800 if living costs remain as high as they have been.
  2. Further training, especially in administration and Air Techniques, with a view toward a high school  -  preflight set-up.
  3. An active interest in community affairs.
  4. A few little side lines, far to (illegible) to really plan on.
Now let here what the college really plans to do. I am most interested. I have seen some of the colleges here on the coast fail miserably in their plans for service men  -  believe me they will pay dearly for it in the not-to-distant future, they too are state supported. God help them when the boys hear about their plans. 
Now for a little personal note. How is everyone and everything at the college? Where is Miss Brown now  -  back with the Indians in Texas? Let's hear all the news and dirt  -  especially the dirt. I love it!

Sincerely yours
Bill Harrel
P.S. Out there were needed ... ,,,, ;;; ::: ??? !! " " " " etc.
Bill
