Peterson  									Sunday  -  14th
[USO Logo]								Almost forgot  -  November



Dear Miss Thompson,

	I don't suppose that there's any reason excuse for my telling you that I was waiting for the stationary to come back from the printer, but  -  anyhow, I am writing  -  all I hope is that you remember me.

	It seems that tomorrow is the 15[th] of the month  -  [Illegible]  -  just 6 months since May 15! Remember May 15, 1943?  -  I shall forever  -  it was the day we boys "sailed off" from dear old N.S.T.C. Six months tomorrow since we started out careers in this great, enormous, noble group of militarized men called the U.S. Army! My word, how time flies!

	I shan't say any more about it  -  except that although I haven't written, I've often thought of you back there at Newark.

	Many's the time I've strolled through the rows of books here at the U.S.O. and at the Service Club in camp and wondered, " I wonder how the library at school feels without the boys" I miss so many of those familiar faces  -  and oh, so many things there.

	Believe it or not, I even miss those books. I used to get some great ideas from those magazines there  -  all technical books and craftsmen leaflets. All they have here ^[are] discarded books  -  things no one would read a second time  -  [Illegible]!


	Guess I got off on a tangent! I know how you felt about the boys who didn't write  -  and now I'm one of them  -  do forgive me! One of the lovelier damsels in school gave me the idea of writing you  -  she had given you my address, I believe, so now comes my life  -  entitled by the hand of fate, "From Beast of the Boardwalk to Glider Maniac," or "If he had to do it again, he wouldn't," or  -  of who cares.

	Forgive me, Miss Thompson, I don't know what's gotten into me  -  I know I sound silly, but this town is dry  -  all 60,000 population and dozen churches. Haven't had anything to drink except water  -  and that is terrible enough itself.

	Nevertheless, Wichita Falls, a typical sleepy Texas town of about 60,000 is close to 5 miles from town, or should I say camp.

	Sheppard Field, a military encampment of close to 100,000 at election time (forgive me, I thought I was in Jersey City again) anyhow, close to 100,000 men and hundreds of "Mitchells'" and "Marauders" "B-25" and "B-20" bombers  -  and the frightening, coffin like gliders that I fly in, is as dry, dusty, and hot in the summer time as a face powder box in a boiler room. To date it has rained exactly, once since May 31, 1943. See what I mean by "dry" (dry in the alcoholic sense, too.)

	Last week the wind hit over 40 mph and damaged a couple of our gliders! It was so dusty that we couldn't see across the camp  -  about 80'. We have a few dozen gliders here  -  the 15 man invasion gliders used in Sicily  -  that type.

	We arrived here on July 27  -  two days from Atlantic City  -  where we had 9 weeks of basic training. For 47 days we made our daily itinerary to and from "Glider Maintenance School"  -  thence graduation. I did fairly well here  -  was one of the three men in my class to be chosen for "glider Specialist School"  -  a 24 day course.

	To date we are in our 38[th] day as specialists  -  while the regular graduate are all home on furlough. Aren't we specialist lucky, though!

	Our work consist of patching wooden surfaces, rebuilding broken wings, tails, etc., welding, dewing fabric, doping surfaces (a type of paint). They keep us busy. We just came in off the prairie where we got 2 days of jeep instruction.

	For two days we chased jack - rabbits all over creation  -  they were as big as police dogs  -  honest, Miss Thompson. One fellow wanted to catch one and put a saddle on it. We drove up every kind of a hill except a stonewall, ran thru mud, shallow lakes, ditches, rocks, sand  -  just everything. What a car that jeep is!!

Four men are in a glider crew - with the pilot. We learn to do each others' job as well as our  own -; we even learn to fly the glider - just in case the pilot shall we say "gets shot to pieces or something." We have quite a bit to do - still have a lot to learn - such as " commando training" which we'll get at our next base - then - who knows?
	
	The biggest kick I get out of this is putting our ship together. We take it out of the crates - assemble it - then go up in it. If it holds together - we did a good job. If not - get 4 new men!
	
	When we'll graduate from this specialist course I don't know. I only know that I'm almost ready to leave here.

	The food here is of the best quality, but the cooks must have come from a camouflage school. Boy, how they hide the taste of a dish - wow! The best thing they make here is good old fashioned stew. They can't change the taste of that.

	The water here is almost indescribable. If you ask Mr. R., the chem. teacher,  to dissolve some iodine, magnesium sulfate, [Illegible], sodium chloride, alum, and chlorine in water, you will have a concoction (can't spell it - a mixture) that taste like our drinking water. Besides that, they make the best cup of coffee that I've ever tasted. I mean it, Miss Thompson, it is really good. So is the Army- but there are times! -!

	If this gives you some idea of my work, I'm happy. If you want to know anything else - don't be afraid to ask. I owe letters to Mr. Richmond, Chief D'Angola, and Mrs. Denny - so if you'll send them my best regards I'll be satisfied. Regards to Miss Lee, also. 

	Best wishes and good health to you, Miss Thompson.
		Your old student and friend,
			Bill Peterson
P.S. Will send picture for your book if you want.
							B.P.
	
					       
